Sunny Savita: Hey, hello everyone, I'm Audible, can you please confirm in the chat?
Sunny Savita: Oh, okay.
Sunny Savita: So, let's, let's begin, let's start with the class. Just a second. Give me a moment, guys.
Sunny Savita: I think you can see my screen. My Zoom screen is visible to all of you. Can you please confirm?
Sunny Savita: Just do confirm in the chat if you can see my Zoom screen.
Sunny Savita: Give me a moment, guys, okay?
Sunny Savita: Let me connect with my NVIDIA broadcast.
Sunny Savita: No voice is perfect.
Sunny Savita: Okay, great.
Sunny Savita: So, let's, begin, let's start, let's start with the session.
Sunny Savita: So…
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: button.
Sunny Savita: Just, just give me a moment, guys, okay, wait.
Sunny Savita: Okay, let's begin now.
Sunny Savita: I hope I am visible to all of you. Can you please confirm in the chat?
Sunny Savita: Great.
Sunny Savita: So, good evening to all of you. Let's start, let's begin with the class.
Sunny Savita: So today, guys, we'll see some practical, we'll do some practical, and I hope you have seen my previous class. So, may I know how many people have joined my previous session?
Sunny Savita: Just let me know in the chat if you have joined my previous session.
Sunny Savita: Let me open the dashboard and let me check,
Sunny Savita: All the sessions are up-to-date or not.
Sunny Savita: So, guys, all the sessions and all the resources are up to date. You can check out,
Sunny Savita: you can check out with the dashboard itself. Okay, so the previous class resources is not there, but it is updated over the GitHub itself. So let me show… let me show you the GitHub.
Sunny Savita: Actually, I am, suffering with this cuff and cold, guys, from past, 2 days, huh?
Sunny Savita: So I will, speak a little, slowly, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, here, guys, you can see all the, basically, resources and all everything, right?
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, if you will go and check with all these resources, right, just click on this, Notion link, right?
Sunny Savita: So, here you will find out the link of all the research paper, which I have discussed in the previous class.
Sunny Savita: Is it visible to all of you? Have you gone through with this entire research paper and all? Have you seen this research paper?
Sunny Savita: So, I have given you all the research paper at the single place. Whatever, basically, I was discussing, whatever I was talking about, so all those research paper I have given over here, right?
Sunny Savita: Now, apart from that, guys, let me show you the handwritten notes also. So, this is the handwritten notes, okay? So, let's say if it is giving you the error over here, let's say if you're not able to open this, let's say if you're not able to open these notes over here, no worries. Sometimes it shows issue with the GitHub. So, what you can do, simply you can download it inside your local system.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point? What you can do, guys? You can download…
Sunny Savita: you can download this inside your local system, okay? So once you will download it inside your local system, it will be working fine, right?
Sunny Savita: Now, many people were complaining, sir, couple of, pages are missing while I'm rendering the notes. So, over the PDF, a couple of pages are missing.
Sunny Savita: So, may I know it is regarding the previous nodes, or it is related to the transformer one?
Sunny Savita: I can see in the chat, someone is saying from Transformer Intuition 2. But I think, guys, all the pages are up to date. If any pages… if any page is missing now, right? So what you can do,
Sunny Savita: You can write that by yourself, on your notebook and…
Sunny Savita: on your notebook or somewhere, right? Wherever you are writing those notes and all, you can keep the notes over there itself, regarding that specific page, right? Because it is just a matter of one page. Because even I was not able to see which page was missing. Someone was highlighting the page number also, but when I've seen my… with my, this scrapable notes now, so all the pages were there.
Sunny Savita: Okay, all the pages were there. So, if someone, is, looking into these notes and all, right? So, if someone is looking into these notes and all, guys, just do one thing, give me the exact page number.
Sunny Savita: I think you have already pinged, but guys, one more time, just give me the exact page number, I will check.
Sunny Savita: If anything is missing, I will take a snapshot of that, and I will integrate it inside the PDF, okay? Because it is very hard for me as well to, go through with each and every page. But what I'm thinking now, in the last classes, in the couple of last classes, right? So the PDF size was very huge, around 40 to 45 pages.
Sunny Savita: And because of that, guys, some pages were missing.
Sunny Savita: Right? So now, from now onwards, I will not do the same thing. I will keep as small as PDF, okay? And regarding one single class, I will be keeping one single PDF after this particular session.
Sunny Savita: Got it, guys? Yes or no? So, anyone is going to be, like, ping the page number, whatever were missing, so after the session, basically, I will check. So, don't worry about the previous session, means from the previous class. I already updated the specific notes, okay?
Sunny Savita: And it is having all the pages, and even I have a translated into the English also, so you don't need to worry about that, okay? So from the previous class, there is no page, right? There is, like, none of the pages missing. But guys, if any page is missing from the transformer, just ping me one more time that page number, I'll again quickly check. Got it?
Sunny Savita: Just let me know in the chat if you got the…
Sunny Savita: If you got my point, so that we can start with the class, okay?
Sunny Savita: You can mention. Okay, great.
Sunny Savita: So, fine, let's begin. So here, guys, we have all the updated notes from the previous session itself, so no need to worry, no… nothing is going to be missed from this particular notes, okay? That I will make sure perfectly.
Sunny Savita: Now guys, we're talking about the previous class, okay? Now, first of all, tell me how many of you joined my previous class. Just give me a quick thumbs up in the chat.
Sunny Savita: Okay, almost 90% people have joined. Some people are saying they haven't joined.
Sunny Savita: Great.
Sunny Savita: Okay, fine.
Sunny Savita: So, let's do one thing, guys, let's, revise the agenda.
Sunny Savita: And then I'll go ahead, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, we're talking about the previous session. So, in the previous session, guys, we have discussed
Sunny Savita: The different, different, basically models, okay?
Sunny Savita: We have seen the different, different model, related to the different, different concept, okay? We have seen, like, how this chat GPT have been trained. We have seen the complete training pipeline and all. We understood the differences between the early-stage LLM and the modern LLM, right?
Sunny Savita: So, so over here, guys, I have given you the entire sequence, okay?
Sunny Savita: whatever I have discussed in the previous class, so let me, quickly give you the recap of that, and then I'll come to the practical part. And couple of theoretical point was missing in the previous session, so I will complete those points as well. So, just, say yes or no if I'm asking something, guys. We understood about the transformer, correct?
Sunny Savita: We understood about the transformer, and everyone knows about the transformer now.
Sunny Savita: Now, the second thing, you understood about the encoder-only model. In the previous class only, I have discussed about the encoder-only model. So, I believe, guys, you got the clear-cut understanding about the encoder-only model. Now, you understood about the encoder-decoder model. Is it clear to all of you, this one?
Sunny Savita: Okay, so this part is also clear, and I think I already discussed in my previous session. Decoder-only model, is this part as clear?
Sunny Savita: Tell me, guys. So I discussed the decoder-only model, mainly the GPT model are called the decoder-based model, and the modern LLMs actually fall under this particular category.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: Modern LLM, actually, it falls under this particular category.
Sunny Savita: Now, after that, guys, I discuss about the early model training pipeline. I took example of the bot, and I discuss about that. That'll be yes or no.
Sunny Savita: So I've shown you the bot, right? And I discussed the training pipeline of that.
Sunny Savita: And, training-wise, guys, I just given you the, I just explained to you, like, how this BERT model have been trained, and I discussed a couple of important concepts related to this BERT model, right? Then modern LLM families, we discussed the different, different model, we, we discussed the different, different modern LLM families.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Then modern LLM training pipeline, so I take… took a reference of the ChatGPT training pipeline, and I discussed about that also. Okay? I've given you the clear-cut agenda that… how this ChatGPT was trained.
Sunny Savita: Then I discuss about the SLM concept. What is a SLM?
Sunny Savita: And I discussed one research paper also related to this LLM. I shared one NVIDIA-related research paper. Again, this particular concept will come inside of fine-tuning itself, okay? Again, I will discuss inside of fine-tuning.
Sunny Savita: Then, guys, I was, discussing this multimodel concept, multi-model families, right? So, we are, into this particular chapter now, we'll discuss about it, multimodel concept and multimodal families.
Sunny Savita: I just have to give you the quick recap of that, okay?
Sunny Savita: Quick recap of it. And then…
Sunny Savita: And then, basically, you can understand what all models we have, and, what are different, different families we have with respect to the multimodality, okay?
Sunny Savita: Then we have a different leaderboards. I think I've shown you the leaderboards in the previous session. If not, guys, again, I will show you those leaderboards. Then, guys, APIs to access model. So, we are going to be accessing the different, different model, text-based model, image-based model, okay, and the different other model using the different APIs, right? So, here I told you that we are not going to be use the different APIs, we are going to be use the unified platform that is going to be a line chain.
Sunny Savita: Okay, for accessing the different model. And today, I will show you that, how you can utilize the
Sunny Savita: Langchen for accessing the model from the different, different platform, right? So, these many things, I… we have discussed in the previous class. This topic, let me highlight that water topic is pending one. So, these topics are the pending one, okay? This particular topic are the pending one.
Sunny Savita: Multimodel concept, multimodel families, leaderboard, and API to access model.
Sunny Savita: Tell me, guys, is it clear? The agenda is clear?
Sunny Savita: Yes?
Sunny Savita: Okay, great. So what I'm going to do, guys, I'm going to be write a couple of points, at the end of this PDF, and then, step by step, one by one, we are going to be discuss all those things.
Sunny Savita: So, if we're talking about the, if we're talking about the Gen AI guys, okay?
Sunny Savita: If we're talking about the Gen AI.
Sunny Savita: So, inside the Gen AI, We have a different, different concept.
Sunny Savita: Can anyone tell me what all concept we have inside of Gen AI?
Sunny Savita: So, we have our LLMs, right? So, entire gene, actually.
Sunny Savita: It is moving around to this LLM.
Sunny Savita: Then we have this fine-tuning concept.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Then we have a rack concept.
Sunny Savita: Right?
Sunny Savita: multi-model rack concept.
Sunny Savita: Okay? And then we have a, agentic concept. Agents.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, if we're talking about this fine-tuning, so here, some frameworks are playing a very important role.
Sunny Savita: The first framework is called the Hugging Face.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: The second framework, which is, again, the important one, and at many places it is being used, that is Unsloth.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So to implement this fine-tuning.
Sunny Savita: To implement this fine-tuning, we are going to understand this two framework.
Sunny Savita: First is the Hugging Face framework, and second is the Unslot framework, okay? Now, we're talking about the RAG and the multimodel RAG. Now, here, one framework is playing a very important role. That framework is called the Langchain framework.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: I will discuss what is a framework and all. We'll discuss the definition, if you're not clear with that, okay? So, we'll discuss about the langchain, and the different, different components of the different, different, other, concept from the langchain, okay? We are going to discuss the complete ecosystem of the langchain.
Sunny Savita: So, we are going to be discussing the complete ecosystem of the Langshin, where Lang and Smith also come.
Sunny Savita: Right? Lang Fuse also comes.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: So I will, quickly give you the overview, what is a language myth, and how we can configure it inside our project. And we'll talk about the language chain, okay? This is our main module.
Sunny Savita: Now, if we're talking about the agents, guys, so here also one framework is playing a very important role. As of now, I'm talking about the primary framework, okay? Then I will discuss some other framework also, whatever I have mentioned inside the slab us, right? So, we're talking about the agent guys, so inside the agent, this length graph is playing a very important role.
Sunny Savita: So, to implement this agentic system, or multi-agentic system, we can use the line graph. And guys, this Langchain line graph, it is acquiring… it is acquiring around 90-95% market.
Sunny Savita: Okay, at every places, in every enterprise solution, this lanction and line graph is being used. We have some alternative also, so whatever I mention inside the syllabus as alternative framework, we are going to discuss those as well, okay? Now, guys, whenever we're talking about the LLMs.
Sunny Savita: So we can access the LLM from the different, different places, okay? But again, guys, Langchain gives us… Langchain gives us one unified platform for accessing the different, different LLM.
Sunny Savita: for accessing the different, different LLM, okay? So today, guys, what I will do, I will start with the langchain, means I'm not going to teach you the complete langchain today.
Sunny Savita: That will discuss That we'll discuss in our upcoming session.
Sunny Savita: Okay, that we'll discuss… mainly we'll discuss this langchen inside our RAC chapter.
Sunny Savita: Because there, actually, it is going to be… play a very important role.
Sunny Savita: So today, I will show you, using the Langchain, how you can access the different, different model.
Sunny Savita: From the different, different platform.
Sunny Savita: Right?
Sunny Savita: Different, different model from the different, different platform.
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, if we're talking about the LLMs.
Sunny Savita: Right?
Sunny Savita: We're talking about the LLM site. So, who has invented this LLM? Tell me. Can you give me some company's name?
Sunny Savita: Ramakisna is saying, fine-tuning is completed. No, fine-tuning is not completed. As of now, we are into this particular stage.
Sunny Savita: As of now, we are into this particular stage. After that only, fine-tuning will come. So, most probably in the next class, or in the next two next class, I will start with the fine-tuning. Got it, Rama Krishna?
Sunny Savita: Now, over here, guys, you can see, we're talking about the LLMs, right? So, different companies, many companies are providing the LLMs. So, let me write a couple of names over here.
Sunny Savita: some well-known name. We have OpenAI, right?
Sunny Savita: Anthropic is one of the company.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Then, Google.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Then, guys, Meta is also providing us
Sunny Savita: Okay? Beta is also providing so many open-source LLMs.
Sunny Savita: where I will get this open source LLM?
Sunny Savita: I will get this open source LLM over the Hugging Face Hub.
Sunny Savita: Okay. OpenAI providing, Anthropic providing, Google providing, Meta providing, even Microsoft is also providing.
Sunny Savita: Okay, now, these companies are providing the LLMs, okay? And there are so many companies, and there are so many different other platforms.
Sunny Savita: There are so many different other platforms, which I've integrated the LLM from the different, different places. So, you know about the Grog, guys?
Sunny Savita: Are you familiar about the Grok?
Sunny Savita: Brock.
Sunny Savita: Are you familiar about the… Open router.
Sunny Savita: Yes?
Sunny Savita: Are you familiar about the open router?
Sunny Savita: Yes or no? And there is one more company, guys. This Grok is also one more company. Sorry, this, basically, Grok… one more model is there, right? This Grok, from the Grok AI. I think the company name is the Grok AI itself, correct?
Sunny Savita: Grok is also providing a… Grok is also providing us a model. So, this Grok is different, and this Grok is different.
Sunny Savita: this Grok is different. Okay? So this is from the…
Sunny Savita: This is belonging to the Elon Musk company, right? This is from the Axe AI.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: This Grok AI, actually, it is a platform, and Grok is a model.
Sunny Savita: And it is from where it is from the XAI.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Now, guys, this Grok is actually, it is a platform. It is a unified platform, again, which is providing us our LLM from the different, different vendor.
Sunny Savita: Right? This one. Same goes to the open router, guys. Okay? Now, over here, guys, see, just tell me, see, one more very famous, you know about the perplexity.
Sunny Savita: Do you know about the perplexity?
Sunny Savita: Perplexity is also providing to us, okay? Now, tell me, guys, this grok… this grog.
Sunny Savita: This open router, this perplexity, they have invented their own LLMs.
Sunny Savita: they have invented their own LLMs? No.
Sunny Savita: they haven't invented their own LLMs.
Sunny Savita: Okay? They are just a platform, they are just platform, basically, which is integrating our LLMs from the different, different places, okay? And they are just a distributor of the different, different LLMs, correct, Pradeep?
Sunny Savita: Okay? Now, tell me, guys, OpenAI is providing us a LLM. Can you tell me the model name from the, OpenAI?
Sunny Savita: GPT is the model, right? And the different other model. Anthropic, guys, Haiku, Opus, Sonet, these are the different, different models.
Sunny Savita: From the Google guys, tell me Gemda is a model, okay?
Sunny Savita: Jimne is a model. From the meta guys, again, Llama is a model. Open source, so many open source models. Microsoft, different, different model from the Microsoft. And even we have one more platform, one more company that is called the Mistral AI, that is also providing us, huh?
Sunny Savita: That is also providing us LLMs, okay? Now, tell me, guys, for accessing the LLMs, right? For accessing the LLM, they are providing their own API SDK?
Sunny Savita: So, we're talking about the OpenAI.
Sunny Savita: We'll be talking about the OpenAI.
Sunny Savita: So they are providing their own API SDK.
Sunny Savita: What is the full form of the SDK?
Sunny Savita: SDK is called the Software Development Kit.
Sunny Savita: Software.
Sunny Savita: development kit, okay?
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, if we're talking about the Anthropic, so Anthropic is providing their own API SDK?
Sunny Savita: Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Anthropic is providing us their own API SDK.
Sunny Savita: Now, if we're talking about the, let's say, Jimny, or Google, right?
Sunny Savita: So, Jimmy, or Google, they are providing their own API SDK.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: Different other, different other models, so if we're talking about, let's say, Meta, Meta is providing us their own API SDK.
Sunny Savita: Right?
Sunny Savita: and so many different, different platforms. They are providing their own API SDK.
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, here, this lanction, actually, it is integrating to this all
Sunny Savita: This line, actually, it is integrating to this on API SDK.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so what does Langchen is doing? Langchain, actually, it is a unified framework.
Sunny Savita: I will discuss Langchain in more detail, guys. As of now, I'm just giving you the, just glimp… as of now, I'm just giving you some glimp… glimpse of the Langchain, okay? So, Langchain is what? It's a unified framework.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: It is a unified framework, which is giving you the integration from the different different, which is providing you the integration
Sunny Savita: Which is providing the integration from the different, different API SDK.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, guys? Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Tell me, guys. Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: So, if we're talking about… if we're talking about the open… if we're talking about the Langchain, so Langchain is nothing, it is just a framework which is… which is providing… which… which is providing us the integration from the… from all the API SDK, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, let me show you something, guys. If I'm going to be open my Google, right? And here, if I'm writing.
Sunny Savita: OpenAI.
Sunny Savita: API.
Sunny Savita: SDK, okay?
Sunny Savita: So once I will write this OpenAI API SDK, or OpenAI documentation, anything you can write, Right? So, C.
Sunny Savita: If I'm writing, see, over here what I have written, OpenAI API SDK. So this is the documentation of the OpenAI API SDK.
Sunny Savita: Okay, and here you will find out all the codes and all everything. So they are giving you the integration from the different, different languages. Java, Python.NET, Java…
Sunny Savita: JavaScript, Go, Ruby, CLI, okay? So let's say if I wanted to use the OpenAI via Python, so what I will do, guys, I will click on Python, and I will utilize this particular code, right? So guys, here you can see we have this OpenAI from OpenAI. This is the module, this is the OpenAI SDK, okay?
Sunny Savita: It is the OpenAI SDK. You can see over here, OpenAI SDK. Everyone is able to see this OpenAI SDK?
Sunny Savita: Tell me yes or no, this one. So it is, this is the OpenAI SDK, and using this, what I can do, I can access the different, different model from the OpenAI.
Sunny Savita: Making sense to all of you guys, tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: So, similarly, if I'm going to be search about the anthropic, right? So, anthropic documentation.
Sunny Savita: So, if I'm going to be search about the Anthropic documentation, so I will get the cloud, I will get the Cloud SDK over there itself. So, let's say if I wanted a quick start, I will just click over here. I will just click on this quick start.
Sunny Savita: And can you see, guys, here is the, Cloud SDK.
Sunny Savita: So, if I wanted to access the model from the cloud, so what I will do, I will go with a Python, if I wanted to use in a Python, okay, I will install the Anthropic Python SDK. Now, what is the full form of the SDK? Can anyone tell me? Tell me, guys, what is the full form of the SDK?
Sunny Savita: So, SDK means what? Software Development Kit, okay? So, we can build the software, means we can build the AI-enabled software using this particular code. Now, over here, you can see we are going to be, load the Anthropic-related model. Now, let's say if I wanted to check with the Gemini, so here I'm going to be right.
Sunny Savita: Gemini documentation. So once I write this Jimny documentation…
Sunny Savita: So, once I'll write this Jimmy documentation, guys, so what I will get over here, so here I will get the documentation of the Gemini. Now, guys, if I wanted to use the Gemini-based model, so what I will do, I will simply quick start, I will click on the quickest start.
Sunny Savita: And here I will get, basically the package name, okay? And once I will install this particular package, after installing this particular package, what I can do, I can basically, fetch the different, different model from the Gemini, right? So just read out this particular documentation.
Sunny Savita: you will get a more clarity. So what I wanted to say over here, so every company, every provider is providing you with a different, different, their own API SDK, okay? So if you wanted to access the model from the OpenAI,
Sunny Savita: If you wanted to access the model from the OpenAI, so OpenAI given you… OpenAI given you their own documentation.
Sunny Savita: Okay? And it is giving you OWN, package.
Sunny Savita: Now, if we're talking about the Anthropic guys, so Anthropic giving you their own package, own SDK, right? If we're talking about the Gemini, so Gemini is giving you their own SDK, okay? So, every company is providing you their own SDK.
Sunny Savita: First of all, tell me, is this thing clear or not?
Sunny Savita: Tell me. So, we're talking about the OpenAI, it is giving you the own SDK.
Sunny Savita: If we're talking about the Anthropic, it is giving you their own SDK. If we're talking about the Gemini, or any other framework, right, or any other company provider, right? So, they are giving you their own SDK, right? Now, what this Langchain is doing, guys, so Langchain, basically, it is going to be integrate everything at the single place.
Sunny Savita: Right? So, using the Langchain, via Langchain, you can access the OpenAI-based model, you can access the Anthropic model, you can access the Gemini model, you can access the model from the Hugging Face, from the Meta API, you can access the model from the different, different places.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, guys, tell me. If till here everything is clear, everything is fine, let me know, I will proceed further. I will show you some spectacle, and then we'll discuss couple of more things over there. Okay?
Sunny Savita: Right? So, what you can do, guys, you can simply open your VS Code, and inside the VS Code, guys, if you are willing to do the practical along with me, you can. Otherwise, just listen to me, and after the class, guys, you can perform the practical, okay?
Sunny Savita: And guys, please apologize, guys, I have some cough and cold from past 2 days, okay? Still, I'm recovering, so that's why I'm facing some difficulty while speaking, okay? So please pardon to me.
Sunny Savita: Yeah. Now, what I did, guys, I created one folder. I created one, folder here inside, this, inside this Folistic Gen AI bootcamp, okay? So what I'm doing, guys, here I'm going to create a file. So, let me create one file over here.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so I'm writing over here, access… different.
Sunny Savita: LLM.
Sunny Savita: N?
Sunny Savita: multimodalLnm.ipynb.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So inside this file only, basically I will show you how, you can access the model from the different, different places, okay? How you can access the different, different model.
Sunny Savita: Now, just keep this file with you, because it is going to be help you a lot while you are doing the end-to-end project, because from here itself, you can take a code directly, and you can put inside your end-to-end pipeline. Making sense?
Sunny Savita: Right? Okay. So, what I'm doing, guys, first I'm going to be select a kernel, okay? Now, you should have, something inside your requirement.txt. I will discuss what all things should be there, what all package should be there. So, first, what I'm doing, guys, I'm checking whether this file is working fine or not.
Sunny Savita: So I'm writing print OK, so once I'll do it, guys, and if I'm getting all OK message on my terminal, means everything is working fine, right? So, let me know, guys, if till here everything is clear or not.
Sunny Savita: And in backend, Yash is with me, so if you have any sort of a doubt, you can ask with the Yash, so he will reply to you. If any doubt is going to be… if any doubt is going to be missed, guys, you can discuss in the doubt session, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, here it is, running. Let it run. What I will do, guys, after that, guys, I'll show you how to access the model from the different, different places, okay?
Sunny Savita: And we are going to be using the line chain. Now, before coming to this one, guys, let me, tell you that what all package you need to be installed, and what all API key would be required to you, right?
Sunny Savita: So, let it execute. Just a second, it's still executing. If it is working fine, guys, means, we can perform the practical inside this particular notebook, okay?
Sunny Savita: So… just a second… Let it complete.
Sunny Savita: So, show the requirement.txt, so here is the requirement.txt.
Sunny Savita: So inside the recline.txt, guys, you require the Langchen-specific packages. So let me mention over here.
Sunny Savita: So you required what? You required this Langchain Google Gen AI, you required this Langchen OpenAI, LangChain Grog, Open Router, Langshan Hugging Phase, okay? So you required this 5 more packages, and I will share this, requirement.txt with all of you.
Sunny Savita: So that you can check it out, okay?
Sunny Savita: The difference between Langshan and Hugging Face, you will get to know.
Sunny Savita: Once I will discuss the hugging phase now, you will get that. So in the next class, guys, I will discuss about the hugging phase, because that's going to play a very important role inside the, fine-tuning, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, here you can see I'm getting this all okay, means my terminal is… sorry, my notebook is working fine, and inside this particular notebook, I can perform the practical, right?
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, you required this, require.txt, so let me give you this requirement.txt. So, I am putting this file over the GitHub, guys, so please take this file so that we can perform the practical.
Sunny Savita: So, here I can write a requirement.
Sunny Savita: File Updated, okay?
Sunny Savita: Requirement file updated. Now I'm committing the changes, and I'm pushing it over the GitHub.
Sunny Savita: So, guys, please take all the changes from the GitHub. And I hope, guys, you have my GitHub. Tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Do you have this GitHub with you?
Sunny Savita: If you don't have it, guys, please keep it with you. So here, inside this, inside this folder, you will get what? You will get the IPYNV file, and inside this requirement.txt, you will get all the requirement, updated requirement.
Sunny Savita: So please take this requirement and all everything, guys. Please do it fast, so that I can proceed, okay?
Sunny Savita: Now, one more thing I need to explain, so I'll be discussing that, that why this lanction is required, okay?
Sunny Savita: So we are going to be discuss that, why this, luncheon is required to us.
Sunny Savita: And don't worry, guys, this lanction, we are going to discuss in a very detail in the upcoming session. This rag, actually, 90-95% time, we are using this LangChain only inside our rag, okay?
Sunny Savita: So it's going to play a very important role.
Sunny Savita: Got it? Just give me the quick confirmation. And guys, I'm coming with my water bottle. Give me a minute, okay? Until you can take all the, requirements from there.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, so…
Sunny Savita: Are you done? Have you taken the latest changes from the requirement.txt? If you are done, if you have taken, just let me know so that I can proceed.
Sunny Savita: Great.
Sunny Savita: Yes, you can continue with Python 3.12 also. Now, guys, see, if we're talking about the langchain, right? So, first of all, let me tell you that what is a langchain?
Sunny Savita: So, as I told you guys, Langchen, actually, it is a…
Sunny Savita: Langchain. What is a Langchain, guys? Langchain, actually, it is a company.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Blankchain is a company.
Sunny Savita: And it has provided us so many open source framework, right? So, the first very important framework, which is called the Langchen itself.
Sunny Savita: language in itself. The second is called the… Langraf.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: The third framework is called the… the third platform is called the Langesmith.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: The fourth is called a lang fuse.
Sunny Savita: length views, right? So it is providing us a different, different framework, a different, different platform.
Sunny Savita: Now, these two, actually, these are the open source.
Sunny Savita: These are what? These are the open source framework.
Sunny Savita: This is the traceability, this is the traceability, basically platform, okay? And this is, again, for implementing the agent and for the traceability, okay? Just link views. So, we're talking about, the line change. So, this is our main framework, which we are going to use.
Sunny Savita: For what, guys, this LangChat and Langra, we are going to be used for what, guys, tell me? For the rag and for the agents.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: for the RAG and for the agents, we are going to be using this LangChain framework and this Langraph framework. So, let me do one thing, let me show you their website. So, if I'm going to be search the Langchen in the
Sunny Savita: If I'm going to be searched Langchain.
Sunny Savita: In the, in the, in the Google, okay, in the browser.
Sunny Savita: So, here, what you will get, guys, you will get this website. Can you see this website? Tell me yes or no. Now, over here, guys, you will find out the different, different platform from the… you will find out the different, different platform from the Langchen itself. So, what is the name of the company? Can anyone tell me what is the name of the company?
Sunny Savita: So, the name of the company is a Langchain, okay, which is providing us a different, different, which is providing us a different, different platform, and a different, different framework. Now, here, if you will go and check with the documentation.
Sunny Savita: So inside the documentation, you will find out the documentation for the different, different.
Sunny Savita: Framework, okay? So, over here, this is the documentation of the lanchain, the main framework.
Sunny Savita: It is the documentation of the Langra framework, okay, which is mainly being used for the agentic, agentic application.
Sunny Savita: Now, here, you will find out the other place… other, other, basically, services of the Langshit. That is a observability, that is an evaluation, prompt engineering deployment, and everything, basically, they are providing their…
Sunny Savita: everything they are providing over the integrated platform. The platform name is a Langesmith. So, this is the main earning source of the Langchain. We're talking about from where this Langchain is earning money. So, this Langchain, actually, it is earning money from this Langesmith.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so if you are going on an enterprise level, you will have to purchase, you will have to be purchased their enterprise version. Okay, if you are not going to be, purchase that.
Sunny Savita: In that case, it will be difficult to set up this Langes myth inside your enterprise-level application, because there, actually, you will find out your every kind of traceability, observability, evaluation, and all everything, right, over this Langesmith.
Sunny Savita: So, guys, if you wanted to see, right, so if you wanted to see the source code of the Langchain, so you just need to write Langchain GitHub.
Sunny Savita: Okay, Langchain GitHub. So, once you write this Langchain GitHub, guys, you will get the source code of the lanchain. See, here is the source code of the lanchain. Now, tell me, guys, this source code belongs to which framework?
Sunny Savita: This source code belongs to this main langchain framework, this one.
Sunny Savita: So, this source code, actually, it is an open source. Now, can anyone tell me how many forks and stars is there? Just tell me, guys, how many forks and stars is there, with respect to this link chain.
Sunny Savita: See, 137K star, and 20… more than 20,000 folks are there.
Sunny Savita: So, guys, this, Langchen, actually, it's a very popular framework, right? And every sort of a thing, you can get it over here inside their code itself.
Sunny Savita: So once you will open this, library, right, this library folder. So, inside the LangChain folder, you will get this entire code, right?
Sunny Savita: This is the Langchen Classic, the Langshan Core is there, okay? The different, different model, splitter, everything, basically, you will get it over here. So if you will go back, right, you can navigate to the entire code, their entire code. See, Langchen Core is also there.
Sunny Savita: So, you are going to be installing the Langchen Core, correct? So, Langchen Core is nothing. This, is coming from here itself. They have published this entire code as a package.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Now, guys, over here you can see we have a Langraph also. So, this Langraph code is also open source, so if you are going to be searched Langraph GitHub.
Sunny Savita: Langraph GitHub. So once you will write this Langraph GitHub, guys, you will get this Langraph code. Now, tell me, guys.
Sunny Savita: This code is belong to which one? This code, actually, it is belong to the Langraph.
Sunny Savita: So, Langraph and Langchain is what Langraph and Langchain, actually, it's a two-framework, or it is a two-module, open source module of the Langchain, which is being used for building the AI-related application. And on the other hand, what is a Langesmith, guys?
Sunny Savita: Can anyone tell me what is a Langesmith, if we're talking about the Langosmith? So, Langosmith is nothing, it is a platform.
Sunny Savita: It is a platform for the building, debugging, deploying, right? Nowadays, they are giving the facility of the deployment as well. I will have to be checked over here. How efficient it is. But guys, this, LangSmith, basically, it is generally being used for the evaluation purpose, for the traceability purpose, and for the observability purpose.
Sunny Savita: So, we're talking about this Langesmith, guys, so it is being used for the traceability purpose, evaluation purpose, and for the
Sunny Savita: basically debugging purpose, right? So, we are… we can check every sort of a log and all everything using this language path.
Sunny Savita: So, I will show you how we can configure that. In our rack chapter, we are going to discuss this entire thing in a very, very detail, and again, I will come to this Langchain part, okay? As of now, I'm just giving you the quick re… quick, basically, overview of this entire Langchain, so that you can understand we are going to be using very,
Sunny Savita: We are going to be use it on a very, like, at every level, okay? At every level of application, we are going to be using this lan chain. So you have to be master of this lanction. And at 99 places, guys, at 99% places in the enterprise, this langchen is being used. Now, tell me, guys, why it is being used. Can anyone tell me why this, Langchen is being used at 99% places?
Sunny Savita: In the enterprise.
Sunny Savita: Just tell me fast, why? Because it is an open source.
Sunny Savita: Why it is being used? Because it is an open source, you can configure it, you can download this module on your system, okay? You can download this module, Langchen module, on your system, and you can build the application around to AI.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, guys? Yes or no? Tell me. So, we're talking about… we're talking about… let me summarize the entire thing. Let me summarize all the thing for all of you guys.
Sunny Savita: So, what is the company name, guys? Langchain. Okay?
Sunny Savita: And this company, it is based on the US.
Sunny Savita: Now, it is a million-dollar company. So, what is the strength of this Langchain? This Langchain itself, and this Langra.
Sunny Savita: Langesmith and Langfuse, there is two other platforms.
Sunny Savita: There's two other platforms which is providing by the company, which is providing by the Langchain. This platform, this comp… this particular thing, we are going to be discussed in our upcoming session, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, in our upcoming session, I will discuss, this two platforms. Now, we're talking about, see, if someone is telling you what is a module, what is a framework. So, framework, module are nothing. The definition of the framework or definition of the module is very, very simple. So, let me tell you that also.
Sunny Savita: So, if we're talking about, guys, if someone is saying, langchain… module…
Sunny Savita: If someone is saying Langchain package.
Sunny Savita: Okay. If someone is saying langchain framework.
Sunny Savita: So, how I can… how I can basically understand all these terms, all these words, in a simplest way?
Sunny Savita: The simplest way is nothing. See?
Sunny Savita: Langchain… Is what, guys? Tell me.
Sunny Savita: Langch It's a codebase.
Sunny Savita: Tell me, guys, Langchen is what? It is a codebase.
Sunny Savita: Can anyone tell me in which language this codebase have been written? Just tell me in the chat, guys. This code base is written in the Python language.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so lang chain, are we talking about the lang chain?
Sunny Savita: Langchain, basically Langchain. So Langchain is nothing just a codebase, which is written in a Python language.
Sunny Savita: So, they are providing us this code base in the form of module, in the form of package, or we can say framework also.
Sunny Savita: Right? So, what is a module? What is a package? What is a framework? It is nothing. It is a set of code, it is a set of instruction, it is a set of, it is a set of, classes and function, which is written by someone else, and which we are using, right?
Sunny Savita: So, what is a Langchen, guys? Langchen is nothing, it is a company. Under that, you will find out this Langchen, which is a core framework, which is a core module, which is a core package. This Langchen, actually, it is an open source.
Sunny Savita: Okay? We can find out the code over the GitHub itself.
Sunny Savita: Now, we're talking about the codebase, guys. This codebase have been written in a Python. Now, who has written this codebase, guys? Tell me.
Sunny Savita: Developers written this code base.
Sunny Savita: Developer written this code base.
Sunny Savita: Are you writing Langchen from scratch? Tell me, are you writing this… are you writing this, are you writing this Langchen from scratch? No. So, you are not a writer of the… you are… you are not a developing langchen. Who are you guys?
Sunny Savita: You are a user of the landscape.
Sunny Savita: You are a consumer of the land chain.
Sunny Savita: Right? So how you can consume the code base
Sunny Savita: how you can consume the code base, how you can consume the code base of the Langchain. Tell me.
Sunny Savita: how you can consume the code base of the line chain. You can install it now.
Sunny Savita: you can install it. How you can install it? Using the UB, using the PIP, you can install. Making sense to all of you. So this code base is having a different, different definition.
Sunny Savita: This code base itself is called the module. This code base itself is called the package, this code base, which is having some predefined instruction, which you are directly going to be used, it is also called the framework.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, guys, yes or no? Tell me.
Sunny Savita: Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: tell me yes or no. Is it getting clear to all of you? So if someone is going to be asked you what is a module, what is a package, what is a framework, so you can say nothing. Module, package, framework.
Sunny Savita: It's all our same thing, right? Module, package, and framework is all our same thing, which is nothing, which is just a collection of the classes, predefined classes, predefined function, predefined instruction, which is written by someone else, and which we are consuming in our code.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, guys? Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Okay, someone is asking what is the difference between Clue AI? We'll discuss that same, okay? In the upcoming session, we'll discuss that.
Sunny Savita: So, guys, tell me, on a high level, the langchain is clear, what is a langchain?
Sunny Savita: Now, over here, why this lanction is being used, we'll discuss onto that also. Now, let me discuss couple of more theoretical points over here. So, guys, just tell me this line, is it clear to all of you? Just say yes or no.
Sunny Savita: This one.
Sunny Savita: Read each and every line, guys, so that we can move to the practical part, okay? What is the difference between the LangChan and Langra? We'll discuss that as well, yeah, once we'll come to that particular topic, okay?
Sunny Savita: Right? So, this is clear, tell me.
Sunny Savita: Yes? Okay. Now, tell me, guys, is this line is clear? I already written in my notepad, I'm just going to be copy and paste from there, okay? But tell me, guys, this line is clear to all of you?
Sunny Savita: Is this clear? Open… so technically, yes, we can directly call model using their official SDK.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: But guys, over here, one important point.
Sunny Savita: SDK… See, just read out this particular line now.
Sunny Savita: So, SDK is mainly calling one provider model.
Sunny Savita: Langchen is for building complete LLM application around the model, okay? Using the Langchen itself, basically, we can build the complete application. We'll discuss that, how we can do it.
Sunny Savita: Right? Now, guys, tell me.
Sunny Savita: over here.
Sunny Savita: If you're talking about the OpenAI SDK, if we're talking about the Grok SDK, Anthropic SDK, Google SDK, so it is providing us the specific model. OpenAI cannot provide the
Sunny Savita: Grok-related model, okay? Anthropic cannot provide the OpenAI-related model. Google cannot provide the Anthropic-related model, or OpenAI-related model, okay? Every company having their own SDK, okay?
Sunny Savita: But guys, whenever we talk about the real-world application, right, whenever we talk about the real-world application, let me write over here.
Sunny Savita: But whenever we build a real-world application, all the real-world engine, okay, so what we required, guys, tell me. We required all this thing, let me mention over here, let me mention in my next,
Sunny Savita: slide. So we required what? We required the prompt template, we required the memory, we required the document loader, we required the splitter embedding, vector databases.
Sunny Savita: tools, agent, tracing, evaluation, right? Model switching. So we required all this thing, and this is being not… this… this all the thing, basically, it is not being provided by one single SDK.
Sunny Savita: If we're talking about one single SDK,
Sunny Savita: Okay? It is not being provided by one single SDK. So, over here only, this lan chain comes.
Sunny Savita: Langshan bolta hai, let's do one thing, let's integrate everything at the single place.
Sunny Savita: Okay? And use me only for building the GenAI-related application.
Sunny Savita: So that you can access the different, different model, different, different SDK model from the Langchen itself.
Sunny Savita: from the unified platform. And along with that, you can, define your prompt template, you can define your memory, you can load the model from the different… load the document from the different, different places, different, different text splitter, different, different tools, agentic, flow, tracing, evaluation, everything you can do via me only.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so you don't require any specific SDK for that. You required only me, you required only Langchain, okay? You required one unified platform.
Sunny Savita: you required one unified platform, and with that, basically, you can access everything. Making sense to all of you? Tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Yes? Yes? Okay. Now, let me give you the couple of examples, so that your thing will more clear. Now, just see over here, guys, it is a code from VIA.
Sunny Savita: Just tell me, guys, this code is from VR.
Sunny Savita: This code is from where? This code is from the OpenAI.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Did you get it, guys? Yes or no? This code is from where?
Sunny Savita: This code is from the OpenAI, okay? Let me give you one more code, if I can give you the, Gemini-related code also, right?
Sunny Savita: So… here, basically.
Sunny Savita: I have… Gemini-related code.
Sunny Savita: Or I can search it over the Google itself directly. Just a second.
Sunny Savita: So I'm searching over here, Jiminy API.
Sunny Savita: And… This is the quickest start.
Sunny Savita: And, here you can see the code, guys. Just a second, let me take a code, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, this is the one, quickest authentic CLI, Jamilian CLI.
Sunny Savita: Jimmy?
Sunny Savita: API key, right?
Sunny Savita: Okay, so someone has given me the chat. Let me take it, guys. Just a second. Thank you, for pasting in the chat.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, so this is the code from where? This is the code from the Gemini, okay? So this is the code from the OpenAI, and this is the code from the Gemini. Can you see, guys, both the code? If it is visible, just let me know in the chat.
Sunny Savita: Tell me.
Sunny Savita: If it is visible, just let me know in the chat, okay? Now, what I'm going to do, guys, I'm going to show you the code from the
Sunny Savita: OpenAI, okay? Now, see the… sorry, I'm going to show you the code from the lan chain, right? Now, just see the code from the lanchain. See, this is the code from the lan chain.
Sunny Savita: Note this one.
Sunny Savita: I'm just going to be copy and paste over here. See, this is the code from the langchain, this one.
Sunny Savita: Okay. Now, over here, you can see, one more code.
Sunny Savita: All the thing I'm going to show you in terms of practical, don't worry. See, this is the code from the langchain.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Now, if I can show you from the Gemini also, I already have that code, let me keep it over here.
Sunny Savita: So if I'm going to talk about the German name.
Sunny Savita: I can give you that code also, okay?
Sunny Savita: Just a second.
Sunny Savita: So, here is what, guys? This is the Germani.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So, this is what? This is a Germany one. Now, what I can do, I can basically, invoke the LNM, okay?
Sunny Savita: So we can define the LLM, and we can invoke that particular LLM. Now, just tell me, guys, over here, are you seeing one pattern, if you will look into this particular code?
Sunny Savita: So, this is the SDK-specific code, this one.
Sunny Savita: This code, actually, it's SDK-specific. Can it even tell me what is the SDK-specific meaning? So, we're talking about the SDK-specific. So, OpenAI is giving us… OpenAI is giving us this code.
Sunny Savita: OpenAI is giving us this code, okay? Now, here you can see this… Google is giving us this code.
Sunny Savita: Okay, Google.
Sunny Savita: Is giving this quote.
Sunny Savita: Google giving us this code, right? Now, if you will see over here, if I'm going to be initialize the model, so we have to call this particular function.
Sunny Savita: If I have to initialize the model, so we have to call this particular function.
Sunny Savita: Okay? And now, how we are getting a response? So, this is the response, guys. Okay, we are getting a response, and using this particular parameter, we are getting a response.
Sunny Savita: Now, over here, you can see, using this particular parameter, we are getting a response.
Sunny Savita: So this code is a unified one. Let's say tomorrow, I have to switch from Google to OpenAI.
Sunny Savita: Or let's say tomorrow I have to switch from OpenAI to Google. So it's this unified code.
Sunny Savita: How many changes I will have to do inside my application? Just tell me, guys.
Sunny Savita: So many changes would be there inside my application.
Sunny Savita: So many changes would be there.
Sunny Savita: So many changes would be there inside my application, so many changes would be there inside my application, right? Now, over here, guys, you can see on the other hand, can you see some similarity inside Discord?
Sunny Savita: Can you see some similarity inside this particular code? So, we have one package, SDK-specific, company-specific package. From there, we are going to be initiate the LLM, we are going to be invoke, we are fetching the content.
Sunny Savita: Okay? We have an LLM, we are going to be invoke, we are fetching the content, right? We have a model, LLM, we are going to be… initialize the model, we are going to be invoke, and we are going to fetch the
Sunny Savita: We are going to be fetch what? We are going to be fetch the content. Now, tell me over here, guys, do we have… so what do we have, guys? So, over here, we have some similarity, we have some similar pattern. So, here, guys, this code is a unified one.
Sunny Savita: This code, actually, it's a unified one. Means similar kind of method we are calling, like, invoke, similar kind of parameter we are calling for fetching the text, okay? So, Langchen providing us this integration, Langchen providing us this
Sunny Savita: unifiability, okay? So that everything, basically, we can access in a unified manner. So let's say if I wanted to switch from OpenAI to Google tomorrow.
Sunny Savita: Now, let's say if I wanted to switch from OpenAI to Google tomorrow, so what I have to do, guys? Tell me. I just have to change this package name, and I just have to pass the model name.
Sunny Savita: I just have to… I just have to, like, mention this package name, and I just have to pass this model name. That's it, guys. And rest of the thing is going to be same over there. I can give you the example. Let's say here is my end-to-end project. So this is one of my end-to-end projects. I can show you that end-to-end project. Just a second.
Sunny Savita: So, over here, guys, this is my… one of the end-to-end projects.
Sunny Savita: Now, inside this end-to-end project, guys, you can see,
Sunny Savita: I have defined one, LLMs, okay? This,
Sunny Savita: model loader. Now, inside this model loader, guys, you can see we are going to be load the model from the Grok, from the Google, okay? So, for that, guys, what I'm doing, I'm just going to define one class.
Sunny Savita: Everything I'm going to be import from the Langchain, okay, Langchain-specific package. Over here, you can see this one.
Sunny Savita: So, we are going to be import the language in a specific package, and see, I'm just going to be write the model name, and that specific class name, that's it. And that, this model, we can use anywhere.
Sunny Savita: Okay, this, whatever model we are going to be initialized, we can use anywhere in a same way. I just have to be called the invoke on top of it.
Sunny Savita: But guys, just think over here, if I'm going to be use the model from the different, different SDK, then how many changes would be there?
Sunny Savita: So, related to the model code, there will be a changes. Related to the fetch… related to the content fetching, there would be a changes. There will be so many different, different changes according to the SDK.
Sunny Savita: But Langchen is providing us one unified play, unified, basically, unified solution for accessing a model from their own packages, okay? I don't need to do much changes, I just need to change the class name, okay, and the model name, and all the method call, all the, like, parameter call and all, everything will be same over there.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, guys? Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: So, did we understand now why we are not going to be using the specific SDK? Why we are going to be using the Langchen integration?
Sunny Savita: So here, if I can write…
Sunny Savita: While lecture integration.
Sunny Savita: So, is this thing clear to all of you? Tell me, yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Is this thing clear to all of you? Yes.
Sunny Savita: 100%.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: If someone, if it is not get to be clear, one person is saying, Matangi is saying no. Matangi, if it is not clear, just connect with me in a doubt session, I'll discuss over there, okay? Don't worry.
Sunny Savita: I will explain you over there.
Sunny Savita: So, how's the learning so far?
Sunny Savita: So, in a very, very detail, basically, I have explained you everything, guys.
Sunny Savita: So that everything you can understand from very root.
Sunny Savita: Otherwise, I can finish this topic within 5 minutes also. I just have to run the practical over there. That's it.
Sunny Savita: So, let's, start with the practical, and before that, can we take a dinner break, guys, before starting with the practical?
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So let's take a quick break, guys, and after that, we'll start with a practical.
Sunny Savita: So, now our base is ready, we'll perform the entire practical law. Thank you.
Sunny Savita: How much, guys? Okay, I'm giving for the 18 minute. Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, can we start with the session? If everyone is there, please let me know so that we can start.
Sunny Savita: So, first, guys, what I'll do, I'll show you, like, how you can access the different, different type of model, right? So, if we're talking about the theoretical nodes, right? So, inside the theoretical nodes, basically.
Sunny Savita: I told you that we have a different kind of model. Means, we have some text-to-text model, text-to-image model, image-to-text model, okay?
Sunny Savita: an image-to-image model, text-to-audio, audio-to-text. So, each and every kind of model, basically, I will show you in terms of practical. These theoretical points are still remaining, so I'll discuss that also, okay, in some time.
Sunny Savita: Or maybe tomorrow I can do that, right? So, guys, if we're talking about the LLM model, let me write over here. Everyone is back, can you give me a quick confirmation?
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: One more minute. Okay, just take, 30 more seconds, guys, be ready, right?
Sunny Savita: You can open your IPvindy file.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys. So, what I'm doing, guys, here, I'm going to be write, let me write a couple of points. So, first is text-to-text.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So, in the input, basically, we are going to provide a text, and in output, what I'll be getting. In the output, basically, I'll be getting what? I'll be getting the text.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Then the second type of model, so here let me write, output also going to be what?
Sunny Savita: output is also going to be text, okay? So, just a second, yeah.
Sunny Savita: Now, the second kind of model, guys, we are going to be provide text, and it is going to provide the image.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: Then the third kind of model, basically, we are going to be provide image, and it can provide a text.
Sunny Savita: So this is called sort of a parsing. So, I will show you this model also.
Sunny Savita: Then guys, a couple of other type of model.
Sunny Savita: Generally, it is not required to us, but still, I'm writing, image to image, right?
Sunny Savita: Then, if we are providing a text, so if the model is going to be converted into the audio, we can discuss that, and audio to text. Okay, again, audio to audio, it is not required. So, this kind of model, basically, it might not require to us.
Sunny Savita: This is maybe not required, okay? So let me write over here, not… required.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so is it clear to all of you guys, what type of models we have, the different, different type of model?
Sunny Savita: And, what type of, image to video, okay, image to video, that we don't require, right? THR?
Sunny Savita: Text to video, we can look into that. So, I can include text-to-video.
Sunny Savita: Got it.
Sunny Savita: So, this, basically, we can check. Or video to tags, vice versa, could be possible, okay?
Sunny Savita: But again, this kind of model is not required to us.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point? Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Now, what I'm doing, guys, here, first of all, let me…
Sunny Savita: Let me show you the… let me show you text-to-text, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, here, what I'm doing, guys, I'm going to be import LangChain from the, sorry, OpenAI, Chat OpenAI from the LangChain itself. So, let me write over here from…
Sunny Savita: Langchain.
Sunny Savita: Okay. Langshan underscore OpenAI.
Sunny Savita: Then here, I'm writing import.
Sunny Savita: Chat OpenAI, right? So, Chat OpenAI, actually, it is a package. Using this particular package, sorry, using this particular class, we can import the OpenAI-based model.
Sunny Savita: So what I'll do, I'll take this particular class, and I'll create what? I'll create a, object of it. And inside this particular object, I will write a model name. I'll pass some parameter.
Sunny Savita: I will discuss some different other parameter also, guys, going forward. As of now, I'm passing the model name only. So, let's see if I'm passing GPT-5 Nano, okay? This GPT-5, actually. GPT-5 Nano is one of the models.
Sunny Savita: what all model we have, what all different, different type of model we have. So, that is also, I will show you. First of all, let me show you some practical. So, what I, what I got, guys, I got my object over here. So, I'm keeping my object inside the variable. The variable is going to be LLM.
Sunny Savita: Now, once I'll do the… once I'll, invoke this LLM, okay, once I'll, write the invoke on top of it, let's say here I'm writing invoke.
Sunny Savita: Now, let's say here I'm passing a message. Whatever could be, what is the capital of the India, and now what I'll be getting, I'll be getting my message, okay?
Sunny Savita: So this is what… this is my message. Now, here… here, basically, I will show you what I'll be getting inside the message. So, this is my message, guys. So, inside the message, guys, I'm getting this content. So I have to fetch this content. I will just call this content on top of it.
Sunny Savita: Okay, and now what I'm getting, guys, I'm getting this New Delhi. So, can anyone tell me what kind of model it is?
Sunny Savita: what are the charges of the OpenAI, you know? We'll discuss that, okay? Everything we'll discuss. Now, first of all, tell me what type of model it is.
Sunny Savita: So, it is text-to-text model.
Sunny Savita: Right? And guys, 90% time, 95% time, 95.
Sunny Savita: percent times.
Sunny Savita: We are going to use.
Sunny Savita: Text to text only.
Sunny Savita: So, this is IMP.
Sunny Savita: Making sense to all of you? Tell me yes or no. Is it getting clear?
Sunny Savita: Yes?
Sunny Savita: Okay. Now, over here, you can see, if I'm running it, if I'm using it, so one thing is required. I already said that thing, let me tell you about that particular thing, that's going to be a key, okay? So, for the key, guys, here is a code, this one. So, we have to set the key as an environment variable.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So, inside the .env file, I already kept this OpenAI key.
Sunny Savita: Right? OpenAI API key. From there, I'm going to read this OpenAI API key, okay? And then I'm setting it inside the environment variable.
Sunny Savita: Understood. So once I'll execute it, guys, if I will check with my variable, this is my variable.
Sunny Savita: And see what I'm getting. I'm getting my OpenAI API key. This one. So let me delete it, and let me show you where I kept this OpenAI API key. Can anyone tell me where I kept this OpenAI API key?
Sunny Savita: Inside Duck?
Sunny Savita: dot ENV file.
Sunny Savita: So inside the .env file, I already kept my OpenAI API key.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: So, how to generate this OpenAI API key? I think I already told you in my previous class. I already explained you in my previous class.
Sunny Savita: Again, it is very simple, so once you will go through with the OpenAI SDK,
Sunny Savita: Now, here, guys, what you will get, you will get the option of this OpenA SDK, okay?
Sunny Savita: So just click on this Python or anything, guys. Now, here only, it will, give you the option to generate the API key.
Sunny Savita: So let me show you. You will get the hyperlink for generating the OpenAI API key over here itself.
Sunny Savita: So just click, I think, on this OpenAir Python SDK.
Sunny Savita: Okay, this is the code, basically. Let me show you in the quick start. So, in the quick start, guys, you can see the option, this Create an API key, right? So, just click on this Create an API key, and just log in with your email ID. You can create your API key.
Sunny Savita: So, let's say if I'm going to be logged in with my mail ID. So, let's say if I'm going to be logged in with my, this mail ID, okay?
Sunny Savita: Oh…
Sunny Savita: Fine, so I think I cannot log in. Let's say if I'm going to be logged in with this particular mail ID.
Sunny Savita: Now, what I'll be getting, guys, I'll be getting an option to generate an API key, and I'm getting an option, I will be getting an option to add the money and all everything inside my account, okay? So, already I've shown you this entire thing in the previous classes. If you're not aware about it, you can go and check with the embedding class.
Sunny Savita: Now, again, I will show you in the future class, or maybe, in the next class, basically, we can discuss onto that. First of all, let me explain you a couple of more things with respect to the text-to-text model, okay? Let me explain to you the different, different model.
Sunny Savita: Now, for… tell me, guys, if we're talking about this particular model, is it a paid one, or is it a free one?
Sunny Savita: this OpenAI model.
Sunny Savita: this OpenAI model, is paid model.
Sunny Savita: Okay, Anthropic?
Sunny Savita: So tell me, guys, Anthropic models?
Sunny Savita: Anthropic model are also paid.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So, if these are the paired model, if these Are the paid one.
Sunny Savita: So, everyone… Cannot use it, right?
Sunny Savita: Cannot use it.
Sunny Savita: Right? So, you want… some free option.
Sunny Savita: some free options, right? So let me tell you… so let me tell you… some free option.
Sunny Savita: some free option.
Sunny Savita: How you can basically access the model freely, okay, from the different, different places.
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, if I'm talking about, now, guys, over here, if you can see, this OpenAI and the Anthropic are the paid one, and I'm going to show you some free option, okay? So, for that, guys, see, one more thing is there.
Sunny Savita: Now, if you will look into this particular model, this, OpenAI one, or this,
Sunny Savita: basically, Anthropic One, or any other model. So, are we going to configure this model on our platform, or are we just going to be read it from somewhere using that OpenAI… sorry, using the API key?
Sunny Savita: Tell me.
Sunny Savita: So, here, guys, we are going to be read the model.
Sunny Savita: We are going to be reading the model.
Sunny Savita: From the… server from the OpenAI or Anthropic server.
Sunny Savita: Anthropic server, okay? So we are going to be read the model from the OpenAI, or from the Anthropic server, using…
Sunny Savita: OpenAI.
Sunny Savita: Or, Claudic Key.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Same goes with the Jimny and the other one. Now, guys, if we're talking about the… our own server.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so how we can configure the model, how to configure the model, How to configure the model.
Sunny Savita: on R.
Sunny Savita: own server.
Sunny Savita: on our own server. Now, tell me, guys, how many ways we have to configure our model
Sunny Savita: how many ways we have to configure the model of our own, own server. So the first way, basically, we have OLAMA.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: The second way, we have Hugging Face.
Sunny Savita: Okay. Now, guys, let's say… Now, let's suppose…
Sunny Savita: If you don't want to, if you don't want to, Take this overhead.
Sunny Savita: Right? Overhead of configuring the model, configuring.
Sunny Savita: configuring.
Sunny Savita: The model on your own server.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: On your own server.
Sunny Savita: In that case, in that case, You can use… you can use.
Sunny Savita: managed.
Sunny Savita: cloud platform.
Sunny Savita: The first option is the AWS Bedrock.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: AWS Bedrock. The second option is called the Azure Cloud Foundry.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: boundary.
Sunny Savita: The third option is called the Google Vertex AI.
Sunny Savita: Alright? And the fourth option is a Google… sorry.
Sunny Savita: GitHub.
Sunny Savita: Enterprise.
Sunny Savita: GitHub API.
Sunny Savita: Enterprise Verger.
Sunny Savita: So guys, in this case also, your data is all… in this case also, if you're going to be read the model from here also, in this case also, your data is going to be secure, okay? Means, you have a managed cloud platform, means, here also you will have to be generate the API key.
Sunny Savita: Here, also.
Sunny Savita: U will have to be generated.
Sunny Savita: You will have 2B.
Sunny Savita: generate the API key.
Sunny Savita: Now, this API key, actually, this API key, Is going to be… Claude is specific.
Sunny Savita: Cloud is specific key, okay?
Sunny Savita: Cloud specific.
Sunny Savita: API key.
Sunny Savita: And then only you can.
Sunny Savita: access the model. Now, again, guys, this integration…
Sunny Savita: We can access it, we can access… via Langshan itself, okay?
Sunny Savita: we can access via Langshan itself. So if either it's a AWS Bedrock, or it's a Azure Cloud Foundry, Azure AI Cloud Foundry, okay?
Sunny Savita: or it's a Google Vertex AI, or it's a GitHub API Enterprise version. So, in all the cases, basically, we can access the model through the link chair itself.
Sunny Savita: Is it making sense?
Sunny Savita: To all of you, tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: This entire thing.
Sunny Savita: So I will, discuss about the, Olama.
Sunny Savita: So, I will discuss about the hugging Face also. Now, what this Olama and this Hugging Face is doing.
Sunny Savita: So, olama, Okay, now guys tell me, if we're talking about the Git.
Sunny Savita: So, what is a Git, guys? Tell me.
Sunny Savita: On our own server means on your own system. Server means what? Server means… Server means your own system.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Server means what? Your own system, right? Now, what is a Git, guys? Git is a version control. Now, what is a GitHub, guys?
Sunny Savita: What is a GitHub, guys, tell me?
Sunny Savita: What is a GitHub?
Sunny Savita: Kavita is saying his speed is too fast today. No, Kavitha, it is not fast, huh? It is very slow.
Sunny Savita: Or it is a moderate one. If you're not able to cope up this much of a speed, I think, in that case, you should work on your… yourself.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point.
Sunny Savita: Because if we are not going in this particular speed, then I don't think we will be able to complete at least one module.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: Great. Now, over here, guys, if we're talking about this GitHub, right? So, what is a GitHub, guys? GitHub, basically, where…
Sunny Savita: Weekend.
Sunny Savita: host our code.
Sunny Savita: Right? Host our core.
Sunny Savita: Means the code is available, right?
Sunny Savita: Code is available.
Sunny Savita: Code is available in the repository.
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, tell me, what is a Docker?
Sunny Savita: What is a Docker, guys?
Sunny Savita: What is a docker?
Sunny Savita: Docker is a engineer… Docker is an engine. With that, we can convert our application into the image.
Sunny Savita: Now, what is a Docker hub?
Sunny Savita: What is a Docker Hub?
Sunny Savita: Where we can host We are weakened.
Sunny Savita: Keep our application In the form of images.
Sunny Savita: Here, also, we have a repository. Here, also, we have a repository, yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Tell me, yes or no? Now, if we're talking about Hugging Face.
Sunny Savita: So, Hugging Face is providing us Hugging Face Hub.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Hugging Face Hub.
Sunny Savita: Now, what is this Hugging Face Hub?
Sunny Savita: So, over the Hugging Face Hub, basically, Over the Hugging Face hub, You will have repository.
Sunny Savita: You will have the repository.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: Right? And inside that repository, Inside that repository.
Sunny Savita: Inside that repository, model, Or data set will be available.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, guys? Yes or no? Tell me yes or no. Now, we're talking about Olama.
Sunny Savita: So, Olama is providing us… what it is providing us, tell me.
Sunny Savita: Olama Hub.
Sunny Savita: Right?
Sunny Savita: So here also, we have… several models, several models.
Sunny Savita: which we can… which we can… download.
Sunny Savita: Okay. Now, just tell me, guys, if we're talking about the Git, guys, if we're talking about the GitHub.
Sunny Savita: So, GitHub se upload code download kar sakte hain. Can you download the code from the GitHub?
Sunny Savita: Tell me, yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Tell me, yes.
Sunny Savita: After the download, where it will be available.
Sunny Savita: Tell me.
Sunny Savita: local system.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: After the download, it will be available inside the local system. Now, tell me, from the Docker Hub.
Sunny Savita: Can you pull the image?
Sunny Savita: Now, where this image will be available? Where this image will be available? Tell me.
Sunny Savita: In Europe?
Sunny Savita: local system.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Now, we're talking about… if we're talking about Hugging Face Hub.
Sunny Savita: Tell me, guys.
Sunny Savita: From the Hugging Face Hub, Can you download model and data set?
Sunny Savita: Now, where it will be available? Where it will be available? In your… Local.
Sunny Savita: System.
Sunny Savita: Okay. Now, if we're talking about Olama Hub, Olama Hub, or Model Hub.
Sunny Savita: So, yaha se bhi model download kar sakte hain, can we download the model? Tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Now, where it will be available in your local system.
Sunny Savita: making sense to all of you, tell me yes or no. Is it getting killer? This entire thing is clear or not? Tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Tell me. But just answer for one question. Can we download the model from the OpenAI API?
Sunny Savita: Can we download the model from the Anthropic API?
Sunny Savita: No. So, what is a hub, guys? If we're talking about the hub, hub is nothing, it is kind of platform where the thing is being hosted, and from there, we can download. So, is this learning is clear to all of you? Tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Tell me, guys, yes or no.
Sunny Savita: If this entire thing is clear, just let me know so that I can proceed, okay?
Sunny Savita: If you have any sort of a doubt, you can go through with this entire notes, and you can, again, discuss with me, you can ask the doubt and all.
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, over here, let me tell you a couple of more things. So, we were discussing the text-to-text model, and here, guys, let's discuss one more model, okay?
Sunny Savita: No, it is not clear. We'll only be using API key for accessing this model, right? No, we are going to be using the API key for accessing the model from the platform, like OpenAI API, Anthropic, okay, from the Google Gemini and all.
Sunny Savita: But if we're talking about these places, which is giving us the hub, okay, from that hub, we can download the model.
Sunny Savita: Everything I will show you practically, guys, just be there, be with me. If you trust on me, give me one more class, everything is going to be clear in terms of practical, okay?
Sunny Savita: Great, guys. Now, what I'm doing, guys, let me show you a couple of more examples over here, okay? So, let's do one thing. Let me take one more model.
Sunny Savita: So I'm going to take one model, GPT 5.4, okay? So here I'm writing Chat OpenAI.
Sunny Savita: And using this chat open AI only, what I'm doing, guys, I'm going to be… Just a second.
Sunny Savita: I'm passing the model name.
Sunny Savita: Cool.
Sunny Savita: this is going to be my model, right? So this is going to be my LLM. Now, what is my LLM name? Can anyone tell me what is my LLM name?
Sunny Savita: So we're talking about the LLM, so my LLM name is GPT 5.4.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: Now, what I wanted to do, guys, I wanted to generate something with this particular LLM.
Sunny Savita: So, what I'm doing, guys, I'm just taking this LLM, And here…
Sunny Savita: I'm passing something, okay? So I'm writing over here, lnm.invoke.
Sunny Savita: And then, I'm giving one message over here.
Sunny Savita: So my message is going to be very, very simple. So, this is the message, guys.
Sunny Savita: Can you see this particular message? Is it visible to all of you? Tell me.
Sunny Savita: So, we're talking about this particular message, let me write over here, let me run it.
Sunny Savita: So I'm saying… what I'm saying, guys, draw a picture of the cute, fuzzy cat with an umbrella, okay? So this is my message. Now, over here, if I will check.
Sunny Savita: So, see, guys, I'm getting what? So this is the thing which basically I'm getting, right?
Sunny Savita: Now, if I'm… if I have to convert anything, right, if I have to convert anything into the… if I wanted to convert any, basically, content into the…
Sunny Savita: Image, right? So how I will do that? For converting an image, I'm going to be using this, Base64, right? This Base64 and this image, library. Now, what I will do, to this one, basically, I will pass the content, okay? So from the AI message, basically, whatever content I'm getting.
Sunny Savita: I'm just going to be passed that to this image. Now, over here, see guys, I'll be getting an image. So, it is saying.
Sunny Savita: I don't have any sort of a content, right? What it is giving me, guys, if you will see over here, it is saying I don't have any sort of a content, I'm not getting any sort of an image over here. I'm just getting a text response.
Sunny Savita: Tell me, guys, I'm just getting a text response or not.
Sunny Savita: Yes or no. I don't have any image over here.
Sunny Savita: I don't have any image over here. So how to get the image?
Sunny Savita: how to get an image over here. So, for getting an image, basically, I will have to take a couple of more steps, okay? So, what, what this, basically, what this OpenAI is saying, OpenAI is saying, just to mention a couple of more parameters.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so here I'm going to be met, this KWARGS, this is the name, actually, of my parameter. Now, what I'll do, guys, here, I'll be keeping this parameter, okay?
Sunny Savita: The first thing is going to be type.
Sunny Savita: Right? And here, the type is going to be what? Image generation. And what is the quality? Quality, basically, I can set anything. As of now, I'm setting low. Okay? So this is what? This is my, KWRGS, means my keyword argument.
Sunny Savita: Now, what I'll do, guys, I will take this LLM, and I'll call one method on top of it.
Sunny Savita: My method is going to be what? BindTool, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, bind underscore tools. So, once I'll bind this KWERGS with this particular tools, okay, with this particular method, let me mention it over here.
Sunny Savita: And then, what I'll do, guys, I'll keep this particular thing, right? I'll keep it inside the variable. Let me keep it inside the variable. This is a variable. Now, what I'll do, guys, now I will use this particular variable
Sunny Savita: Okay, over here, just to invoke this particular message. Now see, I'll be getting a message, okay?
Sunny Savita: Now, over here, what I'll be getting, let me show you.
Sunny Savita: Just a second.
Sunny Savita: So, it is generating an image. Okay, for generating an image, guys, we'll have to take some other steps, okay, some other different step. So, it is a text-to-image generation. So, let me show you that over here.
Sunny Savita: So, just wait, it is generating. It might take some time.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so it is done. Now, if I will check with the AI message, see, I'm not getting anything over here, right? But if I'll pass it over here, okay, if I'll pass it to this… if I'll call this content block from this AI message, if I will iterate on top of it, I'll be getting my image, right?
Sunny Savita: So let me take this image over here, let me take this image inside the variable, and let me decode this particular image. So if I'm going to be decode this image, now see what you will be getting.
Sunny Savita: So here you can see, I'm getting the image of the cat.
Sunny Savita: So, is it, clear to all of you how to generate text, how to generate image from the text?
Sunny Savita: How to generate image from the text.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So this is the example for that image generation, from the text. Okay, so you can pass that text, and you can generate the image from there. Okay?
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, I will again give you the quick revision. Now, let me show you a couple of more examples. So, let's say you have an image, okay? So, what I can do, guys, I can keep one image. I'm just going over the Google.
Sunny Savita: And I'm searching something over here. So, dog?
Sunny Savita: funny image, okay? So, I'm searching over here, dog funny images. Now, over here, what I'm doing, I'm just going to be download, this particular image. Let's say I'm just going to be save this particular image, okay?
Sunny Savita: Save image as… I'm saving it inside my system, okay? So, this is the WB file, let me search the PNG file. So, I'm just going to be search the PNG file, okay?
Sunny Savita: So I'm searching a PNG file, and I got the PNG over here, so I can simply take any sort of image from here.
Sunny Savita: Okay, and then I'm going to save it. So let's say I have saved this particular image. Just a second, guys, download, can I save it as a PNG?
Sunny Savita: It is not available… this one is available as a PNG.
Sunny Savita: Save image, save image as… yes, I think this is available.
Sunny Savita: PNG is not available… Just a second, guys, okay, let me check whether I can save it as a PNG or not.
Sunny Savita: dot PNG, if I can put over here…
Sunny Savita: Downloader, trigger, save images, copy image.
Sunny Savita: Do we have any download option over here?
Sunny Savita: So, copy image, copy image…
Sunny Savita: Okay, just a second, guys. I think I have so many PNG images, just… wait, let me check with my system only.
Sunny Savita: Okay, I have, different, different PNG images.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, can you see this particular image? This is also a PNG image. Okay, it is a formula. It is a formula of the self-attention. Can you see, guys? Formula of the self-attention?
Sunny Savita: Is it visible to all of you?
Sunny Savita: Tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: So, over here, you can see the formula of the self-attention, right? Or I can take any other images, I have so many different images, just a second, let me check.
Sunny Savita: what all other images I have.
Sunny Savita: Because I just want the PNG image. See, I can give any sort of an image, there's no such issue, but again, I don't want to get any sort of error, that's why I'm giving the PNG image only, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, let me check.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so here, let me provide this image only.
Sunny Savita: So, what I'm doing, I have saved it inside the system.
Sunny Savita: And now, what I'm doing… and guys, I have one more idea. Let's say this is the image, you know? I can just simply take the screenshot of it.
Sunny Savita: And it will be easily converted into the PNG itself. So let's say if I'm going to take this particular image now, let's say I've taken the screenshot of it, and I can simply save it inside my system.
Sunny Savita: Right? So that will also be saved as a PNG only.
Sunny Savita: So… dogs.
Sunny Savita: Now, what I can do, guys, I can keep this particular image inside my folder, right? Just to showcase you the, practical. So, here is what, guys? This is my folder. I'm just revealing it inside the File Explorer.
Sunny Savita: So, after that, what I'll do, I'll keep it… I'll keep the image over here. Can you see the image, guys? Is it visible to all of you? Now, I'm going to read this particular image via LLM, okay? Let's see whether my LLM is able to parse this image or not.
Sunny Savita: So we're parsing the image, what I'll do, guys, I'll use…
Sunny Savita: different model, okay? So, let me use the… OpenAI-based model only.
Sunny Savita: So, what I'll do, guys, see, I'm going to be using this particular model, GBT4O Mini, right? So, let me take that particular model over here. Just a second, guys. Give me a moment.
Sunny Savita: Screen is visible, okay, notebook is visible, great. So what I'll do, guys, I'll be taking this particular model, GPT Forum Mini, right?
Sunny Savita: Now, let me execute it. So, yeah, my model is loaded. So I have my model now. Now, after that, what I'll do, guys, after that, basically, I will
Sunny Savita: Aww… encode this particular image, okay? So for encoding, again, I will have to take some method.
Sunny Savita: So this is a method for the encoding, guys. I required the Base64 encoded version of the image.
Sunny Savita: So once I'll pass my image to this particular method, I will be getting the, encoded image, okay? So let me take this particular image.
Sunny Savita: And then, I'm just going to be pass it over here.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so…
Sunny Savita: Let me execute it, and let me run it over here. So, see, I'm getting the encoded version of the image. Guys, don't worry, everything I will explain you. First of all, let me run the example. So, what I got, guys, I got this particular… I got what? I got the Base64 encoded version of the image.
Sunny Savita: Now, what I'll do, guys, I'll be passing the human message, and what is this… what the human is asking? So, here the human is asking. Human is saying.
Sunny Savita: what is… what is inside the image, okay? And what I'm giving, guys, I'm giving the URL, image URL… image URL. I'm type is what type is an image URL? Okay, and inside the image URL, what I'm providing, I'm providing this.
Sunny Savita: Base64 encoded version of the image, okay? What I'm providing, guys, I'm providing base64 encoded version of the image.
Sunny Savita: Now, over here, let me import this human message also. So here, I'm going to be import the human message, just a second. Now, yeah, everything is fine, my message is ready. Now, what I will do, guys, I'm just going to be invoke this particular message, okay? So, once I'll do that, guys, see, I will be getting a response.
Sunny Savita: Let's print the response, basically, what I'll be getting over here, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, if I will check the response, guys, see, this is the response. Now, see the response, what I'm getting. Is it able to parse my image? Tell me, guys, fast. Is it able to parse my image? If you will see the response over here, so it is able to parse my image. So, if you will look into the image, so this is the image, guys.
Sunny Savita: This is the image, and here, if you will see the response, so this is the response.
Sunny Savita: So, am I able to parse my image? So, this is called, guys, this is what, tell me, this is called image to text, okay?
Sunny Savita: And this, we are going to be used a lot in our OCR. You know about the OCR, guys, tell me.
Sunny Savita: OCR.
Sunny Savita: So this is a very important inside our rack pipeline.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so we are going to be… use this particular concept directly in our RAC pipeline, image-to-text concept. Now, here, you can see, so this is what, guys, tell me, this is the, this is what, this is basically…
Sunny Savita: Image 2.
Sunny Savita: text, okay? Text to image. So let me write over here, text to image over here. So now tell me, guys, is this modulitically clear to all of you? First of all, tell me, whatever I have written over here, whatever I have mentioned, is everything clear?
Sunny Savita: I can understand a couple of things is not clear, base encode, base 64 and all, everything, but don't worry, guys, I'll discuss that. Again, I will give you the quick revision of it, okay? But first of all, tell me if everything is being clear.
Sunny Savita: why we are going to be changing the model. You can try out with the same model also, but this model, actually, it is having a good capability of reading the OCR images. That's why I have used this particular image. Sorry, this particular.
Sunny Savita: Model, okay? This GPT-4O meeting.
Sunny Savita: Now guys, what I'm doing, I'm pushing the code so that you can look into it, and then I'm giving you one minute break, and after that, we'll again resume the session, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, how the session is going on? Are you liking the session, guys? Tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Informative.
Sunny Savita: Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Can we pass the image URL also directly? Yes, I think we can pass the image URL also directly. Let me test with that also. So, this is my message, and over here, inside the message, if I'm going to… instead of this particular URL now, let's say if I'm passing the image URL,
Sunny Savita: So, from here, I will get the URL…
Sunny Savita: let me take one image. So, this is the image, guys, just a second.
Sunny Savita: JPG image… JPG, PNG, you can try out with these particular images, okay?
Sunny Savita: So let's say if I'm going to be…
Sunny Savita: Open this image, right? Just a second.
Sunny Savita: So this is the URL. So let me put this particular URL over there. This is the, okay, I think it is an auto URL of the image.
Sunny Savita: Coworker, clean address… Copy image address. This is the address of the image, maybe so.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, this is the address of the image. Okay, guys, I'm passing this particular address directly over there, let's see whether it is able to read it or not.
Sunny Savita: So, instead of this, instead of this Base64 encoded version, I am passing this particular URL.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So let me run the message, and if I'm going to be passed the message over here…
Sunny Savita: Actually, we can directly pass the URL also, or from anywhere, we can paste the image. See?
Sunny Savita: Yes, guys, so it is able to read it. Can you see? Is it able to re… it is able to display the content? So whether you are passing the Base64 encoded version, or if you are passing, basically, the URL directly, okay, the image URL, it will be working in both cases.
Sunny Savita: Is it fine to all of you?
Sunny Savita: If you understood this use case, just let me know in the chat so that we can proceed further.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, so I'm giving you these entire changes, just look into that, and just run it from your end.
Sunny Savita: Don't run it right now, you can run it after the class.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Guys, once you got the code, just give me the quick confirmation.
Sunny Savita: Hugging Face will understand in the next class, Sandeep, okay? Once I will start the fine-tuning part now, then I will come to the Hugging Face side. Got it?
Sunny Savita: So, after this one, we'll start the hugging phase.
Sunny Savita: What is a base64? Base64 is nothing, it is just a binary representation of the image.
Sunny Savita: Right? Binary representation of the image. Giann is saying, please explain the code. Gian, I have given you this code, at least take a look from your end, once.
Sunny Savita: Please, it's a requester.
Sunny Savita: check from your end ones, then again, I'll give you the quick revision. Got it?
Sunny Savita: I've given you the code, you can go through with it, you can check that. It is not very difficult. You know now how to read English, correct?
Sunny Savita: You know, correct? Yeah. So what you can do, you can open the code. Just a second, let me open for you where you will get that.
Sunny Savita: Open the GenAI repository, this one.
Sunny Savita: Go inside the folder, this one.
Sunny Savita: Open this file.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: And then, read it. Or else, you can clone it inside your system. You can take this entire code inside your system, and you can read the entire code line by line. Got it?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, this one.
Sunny Savita: So, base64 nothing, it is just a binary representation of the images. Getting my point, guys?
Sunny Savita: So we can convert images, audio, video, even, document also, PDF and all, everything we can convert into the base64, into the binary version of the… binary version, okay? So whatever, whatever media we have, images, text, audio, anything we can convert into the binary, version.
Sunny Savita: Understood? Yes or no? Is it clear?
Sunny Savita: RB means read byte. We are just going to be read the, we are just going to be read the data, okay? That is a read byte.
Sunny Savita: So, till here, everything is clear, everything is fine. Tell me, guys, are you enjoying the session? Are you, like, learning something new?
Sunny Savita: And, tell me, guys, how's the experience so far?
Sunny Savita: See, likewise only, we will understand everything, and guys, here is one more thing I wanted to ask to all of you. Guys, can I prepare this notebook before and only, so that I can just execute inside your, I can just execute inside the class itself?
Sunny Savita: Just to save that time. Because I can include much more information like this, like I written over here, no?
Sunny Savita: See, like I written over here, whatever information I have, I can write like this, and I can provide you this notebook as it is. Is it a good idea, guys? So please don't complain, sir, please write a code from scratch and all, because, see, if we are going to be write a code from scratch now, it is having some limitations.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Limitation, basically, limitation in terms of what? Limitation in terms of the code length, explanation, right? And limitation in terms of the, basically, content also. So what I will do, guys, I will prepare the notebook for all of you in a detail, basically, I will prepare the notebook, and I will share that notebook.
Sunny Savita: Okay, and even I will explain that notebook also.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, guys, yes or no? So that we can save us our time, and I can deliver as much as content to all of you. Tell me, guys.
Sunny Savita: Is it fine to all of you? If you agree, if you all are agree, then only I will go ahead with this particular approach. Because later on, don't complain to me, okay? Don't write anything, sir, write a code from scratch, write it and all. Because whenever we are going to be moved to the end-to-end project nagai sei, like this.
Sunny Savita: So I will have to rewrite a couple of modules beforehand only. Then only we can complete this kind of project, this kind of used project.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so better let me write some sort of a code before and only, and later on you can understand yourself. And don't worry, I will give you the quick explanation of that, okay? In-detail explanation of that.
Sunny Savita: Right? Got it? Perfect. So let's take a quick break, 2 minute of break, and after that, guys, we'll start again. Right? Quick water break, guys.
Sunny Savita: Until, please check the code.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, everyone is there, can we start again? Just give me 15 more minutes, let me explain you a couple of more things.
Sunny Savita: And, then basically I'll, end this session, okay? And the rest of the thing, we are going to discuss in the next class.
Sunny Savita: So, what I'm doing, guys, so over here, I'm going to be right the free model, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, so far… we have seen… OpenAI.
Sunny Savita: Which is a paid one.
Sunny Savita: Right?
Sunny Savita: Which is a paid one. Now, let's access some free model, free of cost model.
Sunny Savita: So, no.
Sunny Savita: Let's access… Some free model.
Sunny Savita: So, for that, basically, we have a different, different platform. The first platform, very important, and the very popular platform. See, Anthropic is also a paid one, so if you wanted to test, if you wanted to run your application with Anthropic.
Sunny Savita: Anthropic is also paid.
Sunny Savita: You can, purchase… you can purchase.
Sunny Savita: Their credential… their credits, okay?
Sunny Savita: You can purchase their credit, configure the API key, API key.
Sunny Savita: And?
Sunny Savita: run it via Langchain, okay?
Sunny Savita: Run it via LangChain only.
Sunny Savita: So, you can do the same thing with the Anthropic also. Now, we're talking about the free model, guys, so from what all places, we can access the free one. The first is a Grok, which is very popular. The second is an open router.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: open router. The third one, basically, it's going to be a Jimmy API, Google one.
Sunny Savita: Let me write over here, Google.
Sunny Savita: or in the bracket, I can write Jimny API.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Chimney API, and this is partially paid, partially free, right? So here, we have a limited access.
Sunny Savita: Limited access of limited models.
Sunny Savita: Right?
Sunny Savita: Limited access of limited model. OpenA router will give you the free access.
Sunny Savita: pre-exis.
Sunny Savita: Grok will give you the free access.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: Then, guys, the fourth one is going to be what? Hugging Face Inferencing API.
Sunny Savita: Hugging face, inferencing.
Sunny Savita: API.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Hugging Face Inferencing API, basically, what it will do, it will again provide you the model from the Hugging Face Hub.
Sunny Savita: Right? Now, after that, guys, we'll understand about the Hugging Face Hub.
Sunny Savita: Okay, Hugging Face Hub, and the second, basically, is going to be Olama. Olama Hub.
Sunny Savita: So, most probably in the next class, I will show you this Hugging Face Hub and the Ollama Hub, right? And the model from the different, different modality. So, as of now, we are going to be seeing how we can access the model from the different, different places, like Grok, Open Router, Hugging Face Inferencing API,
Sunny Savita: Jiminy API and all. And generally, I'm going to be discussing the text-to-text model over here.
Sunny Savita: Text-to-text model.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: Oops.
Sunny Savita: But guys, again.
Sunny Savita: Text-to-image model.
Sunny Savita: And image-to-text models.
Sunny Savita: are also possible.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point? Yes or no? Is it clear to all of you? Is it getting clear? Tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Okay, now let's do one thing. So…
Sunny Savita: what I'm doing, guys, I'm just going to be, explain you about the different platform, okay? So, first, let's look into the Grok. So, if you will search over the Google, if you will write over the Google, Grok API,
Sunny Savita: Okay, so you will get the Grok platform. You can simply log into the Grok platform, so…
Sunny Savita: Once you will log in, guys, you will get their documentation, you will get their dashboard, API key, playground, and all everything. So from this API key, you can simply, from this particular place, you can simply generate the API key, okay?
Sunny Savita: you can… I'll look into the docs for the more detail.
Sunny Savita: And you can look into the model section, like, what model, basically, they are providing to you. So you will get all the models over here.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, guys? Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Tell me. Now, what I'll do, guys, here, I will quickly configure it. So, let me do one thing. Let me configure the Grok API first.
Sunny Savita: So, this is the Grok API.
Sunny Savita: Okay, now after that, guys, what I'll do, after that.
Sunny Savita: what I'll do, guys, I will import the chat grog, okay? So this chat grog, basically, I'm going to be import from the line chain, then I will write the model name.
Sunny Savita: Grok is having a different, different model, so I'm taking this quant model, which is an open source one.
Sunny Savita: Now, after that, guys, what I'll do, I will define my LLM.
Sunny Savita: Now, I will take my message, okay? You can write any sort of a message, so this is one of the messages.
Sunny Savita: So you can write Hindi to French, English to French, whatever you can say, right? So English to Hindi, let's say, whether it is able to generate or not.
Sunny Savita: So… No.
Sunny Savita: If I'm going to be… provide this particular message to my model.
Sunny Savita: So, this is a model, guys, LLM.invoke, okay? I'm just going to provide my message to the model. If I will check with the content, so let's see what I'll be getting over here.
Sunny Savita: So I'm getting this particular message.
Sunny Savita: So I hope, guys, you are able to see that we are able to do the inferencing using the free text-to-text model also.
Sunny Savita: So, whatever message you can provide, and according to that only, it is going to be generate a response. Getting my point? Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: So you can do the inferencing, in whatever way, basically, you can do the inferencing. You can do the inferencing, you can write any sort of a message.
Sunny Savita: Now, we're talking about the next one, so we have a next, basically. So, again, this is a text-to-text example.
Sunny Savita: So let me write over here, this is a text-to-text example, okay? Text-to-text example.
Sunny Savita: Now, over here, guys, what I'm doing… so, here I'm giving you one more example that's going to be text-to-image to text, okay? So, here I'm going to be, right, image.
Sunny Savita: to text. So I'll be providing an image, and with that, what I'll be able to generate, I'll be able to generate the text.
Sunny Savita: So, what I can do, guys, I can simply use the same one, but here I'm going to be using a different model. So, see, this is a different model. I'm going to be using this Llama 4 Scout 17B16E instruct model, okay?
Sunny Savita: Now, what I'll do, guys, I'll be provide the image over here. So let me provide the image to the message. So this is the message, guys, and now here I'm providing the image URL. So let me take the image URL, the same URL, basically, I took in my previous example.
Sunny Savita: So, let me take this particular URL, okay? And after that, what I'll do, guys, let me take… let me keep this URL over here, this one.
Sunny Savita: Now, what I'll do, guys, see here, let me execute it.
Sunny Savita: And then I will pass it to the invoke, okay? So here is the invoke.
Sunny Savita: Now I'm getting a response. Now, let's see what a response I'll be getting over here. So, if I will check with the response, let me check with the response, guys. See, this is the response.
Sunny Savita: So it is saying the image present information about the JPG and all, so you can simply print the entire content, okay? So here we are passing, what we are passing, guys.
Sunny Savita: So, we are passing our image, and we are able to generate the text. Getting my point? So, this we are able to do using the open source model.
Sunny Savita: This is our open source model, guys, this one.
Sunny Savita: So, what is the model name? Llama for Scout, 17B, 16E instruct. Okay? So, is it clear? Tell me, guys, yes or no.
Sunny Savita: This thing is getting killer to all of you. Again, I will give you the quick revision, guys, don't worry, okay? Again, I can explain you that. First of all, let me complete that part.
Sunny Savita: Oh, guys, tell me, is it enough, rest of the part we can discuss in the next class? What do you think?
Sunny Savita: If it is overwhelming to you, then we can discuss it in the next class, okay? So, we have a couple of more things, couple of more models.
Sunny Savita: And, I just have to show you those models in the same notebook, basically, I'll be showing you. And I have so many examples for all of you guys. So, again, I have 10 to 15 examples for all of you.
Sunny Savita: Now, tell me, guys, are you liking the session now? Everyone was saying, sir, practical, practical. I said, hold on, please. I will show you everything, guys. And everything we are going to do like this only, okay? I will show you each and every practical like this only.
Sunny Savita: And, don't worry, guys, with this particular session, you will learn so many things.
Sunny Savita: So many thing means you can, see, text to image, image to text. You will not see this kind of inferencing in, like, different YouTube channels and all, right? So, here, basically, you are getting a very comprehensive learning. In a detail, I am showing you each and everything.
Sunny Savita: So again, what I'm thinking, I'm thinking to show you about the open router, okay? So I will do some experiment. Sorry, I have a couple of examples, 10 to 15 more examples, basically.
Sunny Savita: And I will show you with the open router in the next class.
Sunny Savita: Then I'll show you with the Hugging Face API, okay?
Sunny Savita: Hugging Face API.
Sunny Savita: And guys, after that, guys, I'll show you the Jiminy API also.
Sunny Savita: So, I will show you with the Jimny API, okay? We can discuss text-to-text, text-to-image, and even I can show you image to… sorry, text-to-audio, audio to text also. So, text to audio.
Sunny Savita: And audio to text also, okay?
Sunny Savita: Audio to text also. And, video one, I can give you as a, video one, I can give you as an assignment. So tomorrow, I will give you one assignment, you can do that, right? So these many examples I'll show you. And apart from that, we have Cloud Foundry, AWS Bedrock, so that, we can discuss in our, project, basically, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, in the project, we will discuss that.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, guys? Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Yes?
Sunny Savita: So, I hope you like this session. What I'm doing, guys, I'm just giving you this entire notes, sorry, entire practical and all, just practice it from your end, okay? And, in this notes, a couple of things I have to still explain you, this multimodal concept.
Sunny Savita: So maybe in the next class, quickly I give you the theoretical explanation that what are points what they are. So, the points are very simple. Okay, so here I mentioned two to three slides, so tomorrow I can give you the quick recap of that.
Sunny Savita: And finally, we can start with the fine-tuning, along with the hugging phase, okay? So once this entire thing is going to be complete, guys, I will simply jump to the hugging… I will simply jump to the fine-tuning. I will perform the fine… first, I will explain to you the hugging phase.
Sunny Savita: And the basics of the fine-tuning and all, and then we'll move to the advanced framework, like Unslot and all, and with that, we'll try to perform the fine-tuning. Got it, guys? Yes or no? Tell me.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Pushpan Tevari is saying, bhikabito reply, karo. Pushpen, just sit, over here, okay?
Sunny Savita: Just sit beside to me, and see the flow of the message.
Sunny Savita: In one… see, if I'm asking now, guys, did you get it?
Sunny Savita: So I'm getting 100 replies over there.
Sunny Savita: So it is not, it is difficult to read each and every one message, and sometimes I'm, like, ignoring a couple of messages, because you can easily ask that in a doubt session, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, that is not an issue, pushpin Tevari. Don't worry about the doubt and all. Every doubt, I will be clarified, whatever you have in your mind, alright? But guys, chat, basically, again, in chat, there is a little difficult, because so many chats are coming. Understood? Great.
Sunny Savita: So, this is just the explanation. See, we are going, step by step only. If you will look into the syllabus, guys, so everything, whatever I have mentioned in the syllabus, we are going according to that only.
Sunny Savita: So, over here you can see, first we understood about the transformer, embedding, and all everything, then we understood about the LLM-SLM multimodel, and then API for accessing the LLM. So, now tell me, guys, how many modules we are going to be complete. Tell me, guys, fast.
Sunny Savita: how many modules we are going to be complete? 3 modules we are going to be complete, okay? Then, this fine-tuning will take, again, 4 to 5, 6 classes, and then finally we'll move to the project and the rack part, okay? We'll discuss that.
Sunny Savita: Great.
Sunny Savita: So, tomorrow we have a regular class? Yes, we have a regular class tomorrow.
Sunny Savita: Okay, fine. So now, let's close the session. Guys, actually today.
Sunny Savita: Because of this, cough and cold now, even I'm not able to speak much. Otherwise, I could have taken this, class till 11.
Sunny Savita: But, my throat is not with me, actually. I required, Like, little more,
Sunny Savita: rest. I'm doing it from past 2 days just for the class, but again, speaking continuously for 2 to 3 hours, like, a little difficult, guys.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So I have only hot water. Yes, I'm drinking the hot water only. See, my medication is with me. You know, in between the class, I think, when I was not speaking now, I was eating this tablet. Just to refresh my thought, actually.
Sunny Savita: So that I can speak. That's it.
Sunny Savita: I'm giving you this PDF also, guys. It is updating PDF, and it is having all the pages, okay? Just a second, I'm giving you that.
Sunny Savita: Oh, just a second, let me rename it, okay? Just a second, guys.
Sunny Savita: Oh, no, here I can save it.
Sunny Savita: So this is the updated PDF, you can,
Sunny Savita: Take it, guys, you can take this PDF from the GitHub itself, okay? I'm pushing it over there, just a second.
Sunny Savita: Just check with the GitHub guys, I think all the notes and all everything is there.
Sunny Savita: Just go and check with that, okay?
Sunny Savita: So inside this folder only, you will get that. Once you got it, just give me the quick confirmation.
Sunny Savita: Did you get it, guys? Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: If you're failing to create Grok API, you can show me in the doubt session, I'll check there, okay?
Sunny Savita: So once you got it, just give me quick confirmation, quick, thumbs up, so that I can close the session.
Sunny Savita: And I'll provide you all these links via Notion PDF, so one more PDF would be there inside the…
Sunny Savita: One more PDF would be there inside where? Inside the same folder. There, I will mention all the link, okay?
Sunny Savita: Great. So, thank you guys, thank you, bye, take care. Please revise this entire thing, and then tomorrow, I'll come close it.
Sunny Savita: I will show you 10 to 15 more examples with the different, different model, with the different, different places, Olama and all, everything I'll cover. And then, peacefully, we'll move to the fine-tuning. Okay? So thank you guys, thank you very much. If you have any doubt, be there. I'll be taking the doubts, okay? I'm taking 3 minutes of break, then I'll be taking a doubt, guys.
Sunny Savita: Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, let's start with the doubt session. If you have any doubt, please raise your hand.
Sunny Savita: Yes, Suchit, what's your doubt?
Sunny Savita: Krishna, Suchit, Ubankat, anyone is there, please go ahead. Just a second, let me check my speaker also.
Sunny Savita: Anyone is speaking, I'm not able to hear.
Venkata Raju: Hi. This is Venkat.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Venkat. Please go ahead.
Venkata Raju: Yeah, yeah, today's session is so good. I have a doubt, in your… practically, you're using, in context, AI message, system message, human message, so I want to know what is the difference between them and, when to use when, how to use them.
Sunny Savita: Yeah. So, system message, human message, AI message, there is 3 types of message, okay? So, system message, basically, just to set the context of the model.
Sunny Savita: Right? Human message means what human wanted to ask, okay? And AI message, what message is being generated by the AI. So, from now onwards, we are just going to be playing around with that only. Tomorrow, I can again explain you that part, because I have so many examples. So, just give me one more class. Tomorrow, this doubt will be clarified, okay?
Venkata Raju: I think…
Sunny Savita: Got it, Raju?
Venkata Raju: Yeah, yeah, thanks.
Sunny Savita: Yup.
Sunny Savita: Okay, next out. Guys, I've given the access of a couple of people. If you have any doubt, please go ahead.
Sunny Savita: And even I shared one link in the chat, so if…
yogeshwardeore_ycd: Honey.
Sunny Savita: wanted to clarify with Ayash, he is also there, okay?
yogeshwardeore_ycd: Sunny, can I…
Sunny Savita: If you wanted to save the time, you can join there as well.
Ganesh G: Hi, Sunny.
yogeshwardeore_ycd: Can I go, Sunny?
yogeshwardeore_ycd: Yoga here, yeah.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Yogesh, please go ahead.
yogeshwardeore_ycd: Actually, one doubt, next week, I have one interview for the Agentic AI Delivery Lead UK. I just want to understand specifically which topic I need to focus on. Let's say, Azure AI Foundry Platform, or, I mean, how you can guide me, let's say, and this is for the manufacturing enterprise customer, so…
yogeshwardeore_ycd: We are the solution for rental, we are providing the solution for the mostly high-end, high-skill manufacturing companies. Okay, and the solution is for the agility and AI delivery base. So, for delivery perspective, as a delivery leader, where I need to focus, and which I need to study more? So, that is one question, really.
Sunny Savita: You are saying you wanted to build an enterprise solution for manufacturing company, high-scale solution, so you required one end-to-end.
yogeshwardeore_ycd: My point is that we're already providing agentic and all solutions to the high-end companies. So, it's for the delivery… yeah, Agentech delivery.
Sunny Savita: Huh?
yogeshwardeore_ycd: Out of that, where I need to focus for the internal perspective, for as a AI delivery lead. So, identifying AI delivery lead, for a delivery perspective.
yogeshwardeore_ycd: Shall I need to focus on the Azure AI Foundry? I mean, which framework, or where I need to focus, rather than go to the architecture, or exactly go in deep-level AI models. So, how Azure delivery I need to focus, and which topic I need to focus more?
yogeshwardeore_ycd: Sonny, I mean…
Sunny Savita: What is your work as a delivery? Means, as a delivery, you are saying, correct?
yogeshwardeore_ycd: Yeah, so basically, we were driven directly into installation to the customer premises, yeah.
Sunny Savita: Just handling the customer requirement, right?
yogeshwardeore_ycd: customer requirement, and we are providing the… the people are developing solutions, and as a leader, we are delivering the… that solution to the customer business. So, as a delivery… AI delivery perspective, where I need to focus… I need to focus on the Azure AI
yogeshwardeore_ycd: Something different, I mean, how…
Sunny Savita: See, as a… I want to suggest you to focus only as Azure and all. See, let me clarify from my end first, right? So, first, focus on the business problem understanding.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: Right?
Sunny Savita: For manufacturing companies, Agent AKI is not just a chatbot.
yogeshwardeore_ycd: Hmm.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: They actually are going to be, like, understand so many things, like, quality, production, okay, root cause, or, even inventory, safety, supply chain, so many things, basically, are going to be understood with respect to that, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, first thing comes the business problem. As a delivery lead, you need to focus on that side, okay? The second thing comes the Azure AI Foundry, where you're going to be understanding the different AI tool which is being provided by the Azure and the Azure AI Foundry.
Sunny Savita: like Azure AI Foundry, Azure Chat, OpenAI, and it is having one more vector database, Azure AI Search, it is having one prompt flow, okay? For the content safety, responsible AI, for the RBAC policies also, you will find out something over there, right?
Sunny Savita: So, all the things you need to be understood. So, the second focus will be your Azure AI Foundry. The third focus will be your overall agentic AI architecture, okay? So, single agent, multi-agent, planner executor pattern, supervisor agent, what is a tool calling, function calling there, memory, guardrails, right? So, all the things basically comes, right? So.
Sunny Savita: don't say just an AI delivery agent, or…
Sunny Savita: AI Foundry agent, you need to be, like, portrayed yourself in this three-way. The first, business guy, which is… which understands about the delivery client, the second, basically, who understands the Azure ecosystem, and the third, who understands the agentic AI architecture also. Got it?
yogeshwardeore_ycd: Okay, I need to focus on the rack side also much more, I mean, as a… as agriculture level, so, for which token…
Sunny Savita: RAG also, RAG also is important.
yogeshwardeore_ycd: Oop.
Sunny Savita: Yep.
mahesh gulati: Hey, Sunny, the same Mahishi.
mahesh gulati: I just have a quick question, right? Like, when we use these models, right, then usually we are more concerned about the data security and all. Like, in between, when you were talking about the bedrock, you mentioned, like, AWS Bedrock is more secured.
mahesh gulati: So, can you explain, like, what's the difference between using the Anthropic Cloud model versus the backdrop model? I know it's a managed one, but how the data is more secured.
mahesh gulati: If we are using the Bedrock or AWS platform kind of things.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So, see, first of all, tell me, who is providing the bedrock?
mahesh gulati: who is providing AWS.
Sunny Savita: AWS providing the bedrock, right?
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: So…
Sunny Savita: We'll see.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: Hello, please. Hello?
Sunny Savita: Please, please mute yourself, just a second. Who is asking this question? Mahesh, right?
mahesh gulati: Yes.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, I'm unmuting everyone's Els Mahesh, just a sec.
Sunny Savita: Muting… yeah, now…
Sunny Savita: Okay, Mahesh. So, you were asking how this bedrock is different than the other one, how it is providing the data security, okay?
mahesh gulati: I'm just more curious about, like, the data security. It's not about AWS Bedrock and all. What I… Oh, see, see.
Sunny Savita: EWS Bedrock. EWS Bedrock may have Cloud, Llama, Mistral, or the different other model, like Titan and all, sub-use kersakte hain.
mahesh gulati: Great.
Sunny Savita: AWS Bedrock kyah hai, it is a managed service.
Sunny Savita: AWS provide karai ham ko. Agar AWS provide karai ham ko, right? Toh, AWSI puri controllability legacy matla puri observability isk network security, right, data security. Sab AWS e karega.
Sunny Savita: application ko, if you are deploying your application over the AWS Azure, toh, aap apne application ko Azure walna. SecurityLayer lag RAO, RPAC policies.
mahesh gulati: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: So that controllability you have, over the debt, basically, type of control you have over the AWS, with respect to this AWS bedrock.
Sunny Savita: OpenAI anthropic mein humare pass is nahi hai, until we will not take their enterprise subscription. Kisi kobilik ni karingge, aaparam se hamare platform bajo da online. Cloud ach ka sabhi ko enterprise der ayna aapna, hari company mein Claudi usur aina.
Sunny Savita: desktop use ka reuna, apna company car at data mapper dal reuna, ano? Kese dal pa yo, ki company or aapke un ke bich mein agreement hai. Ki ye agreement, ap cloud use karee le kehum data use nahi karenge aapka, data aapka secure rega private server mein, essa. Toh…
Sunny Savita: Cloud, humko, capability, cloud, like, controllability, hum kusseh chija kersakte hai, ham un johobiho services, manage services dera hai, according to our requirement, we can configure. Okay, make sure kar sakte, that will not go out.
Sunny Savita: Right? Agaram raw API use karne hai Claude ya OpenAI, toh baham pe actually mein issue host akta hai, without inform to the cloud API, cloud or OpenAI ke person ko ki hum yeet API use kare, agaram aap enterprise layer, toh wapki a lag bivasta karing. Agaram normal API use kari, uske semi aapko problem hogi. Matlang aapka company nahi chahi gi aap direct API use karke data, aapna koi bichi jawan dalo.
Sunny Savita: So, Madrido.
mahesh gulati: Okay.
Sunny Savita: The year difference about Coach Bina, yeah.
mahesh gulati: Yeah, yeah, so that means, like, although AWS is…
mahesh gulati: at the back end, they are using the Anthropic or other models.
mahesh gulati: B.
Sunny Savita: Correct, correct. AWS is not securing, they are responsible for your data. Got it?
mahesh gulati: And our data is secured within their VPS, and they have further agreements between the different.
Sunny Savita: between the Anthropic and the AWS, actually.
mahesh gulati: Yeah. Great.
mahesh gulati: Okay, alright, thank you.
Ganesh G: Hi, Sonic.
Raghu P R: Jackson.
Ganesh G: Thanks, thanks for the session.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: How's honey.
Sunny Savita: Guys, Van Waiban, let me call the name.
Yash Shukla: You'll select…
Sunny Savita: Let me drive the session, wait, okay? Raghu, what's your doubt? Please go ahead.
Raghu P R: Hey, hi, Sunny. For today's class, I got understood that the Langchain and Diagraph that we use for RAG orchestration and agentic workflows, but I didn't understand why we used Langsmith and LangFuse.
Raghu P R: That's my…
Sunny Savita: LangSmith and LangFuse, I will discuss in the upcoming session, okay?
Raghu P R: Okay, and I've also come up with some of the frameworks.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, you will unknown.
Raghu P R: speak.
Sunny Savita: Langesmith and the Langfuse both. It is very easy. I just need to configure the Langshan API over there, and everything you can trace inside the Langesmith, okay? As of now, I haven't shown you that, because we are just doing a notebook experiment. Once we'll move to the proper coding and all, that time I will show you, okay?
Raghu P R: Okay, Sunny, okay, Sunny. And the other thing is, can you also, you know, tell me about some of the other frameworks, like Preview AI, Llama Index, that have…
Raghu P R: Gone through from.
Sunny Savita: C.
Raghu P R: in…
Sunny Savita: You no need to understand everything, this is my one and only suggestion, right? Okay. Understand the lanction in depth, and then we'll see whatever framework we can understand additionally. Got it?
Raghu P R: Sure, son, sure.
Sunny Savita: Yep.
Raghu P R: Thanks.
Yash Shukla: Thank you.
Yash Shukla: Be safe.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Yash, what's your doubt?
Yash Shukla: Sir, recently, one friend of mine, he was interning in Google, so last, one and a half, that theory which you taught, regarding, you know, SIBO and Skiprahm. So, I was discussing with him, so, when I discussed and we, you know.
Yash Shukla: exchange the information which we know. So, he told me, the exact things which you taught. So, as we just give a feedback or an appreciation that, the course which you are
Yash Shukla: you know, going on, it is something very explanatory. You know, he also told me that, in his, he's working on some part of Google Search.
Yash Shukla: So, in that thing only, he's using, the concept of SIBO and SCIBRA. So, it was, very nice that the course which I have enrolled and which I'm going on is in a right order. First of all, this thing. So, thank you for this. And the second thing, in our, projects which we will make in this course.
Yash Shukla: So, we have seen many of the librarian frameworks are paid, mostly the ones which are famous, or, very used oftenly. So, in our projects which we will make, we will be using paid libraries, or all the components of the projects will be mostly unpaid or free.
Sunny Savita: Sorry, unpaid or free, what you said before that?
Yash Shukla: Means the components which we will use in our end-to-end projects, so the components like framework or the LLM part APIs will be mostly free, or some where we have to purchase or, buy any resources.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, yeah, yeah, so wherever we are going to be use the paid one now, I will highlight over there, okay? Don't worry.
Yash Shukla: And, one thing more, sir, like, if we are using Langchain for, any general API user, then, we have to purchase that API key, first of all, from the, company like OpenAI and Anthropic, then only we will be able to use the Langchain and its, following resources, no?
Sunny Savita: Yes, yes, correct. Post will be required the API key only. Right.
Yash Shukla: Okay, sir. Thank you so much.
Ethamukkala, Narasaiah: And I go next.
Sunny Savita: Wait, Shobik, please go ahead, Shobik.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: Hi, Sunny, so this is about the, Grok API key creation. I am getting error. Actually, if you share… if you allow me to share my screen.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: Sunny, I am getting it in the mobile, but not in the system, since I have logged in through system as well.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: my laptop as well. I cannot see it in the, like, in the system, like, you have allowed me in the join as a panelist. It's mobile, it is coming in. Same idea, I have…
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: like, joined through the system, but here I can't see. You have mute… you have unmuted me, or you have… I mean, brought me in the panel.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: I am…
Sunny Savita: Just join as a panelist now, just join as a panelist.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: But it is coming in the mobile.
Sunny Savita: Leave from mobile, join from system. Leave the meeting from mobile, okay?
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: Okay, just a minute, let me… Let me… let me…
Ganesh G: Sunny?
Sunny Savita: Wait, guys, wait, Ganesh, wait, okay?
Ganesh G: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Okay, meanwhile, Sobek is joining, you can go ahead.
Sunny Savita: Okay, Sobek is here, where he is.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: Hi, Sunny, can you hear me?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, I can hear. You can join as a panelist.
Sunny Savita: And guys, even Yash is also available, so if you can… if you wanted to, like, solve your dot quickly, you can join over there as well, okay?
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: idiot.
Sunny Savita: So that is one more option I'm mentioning in the chat.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: So here I am, doing the create API key from here. Training underscore API is my name.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: Here, no expiration when I'm clicking on submit.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: Data is happening.
Sunny Savita: What is happening, sorry.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: The error editor is coming, see?
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: failed to create API key.
Sunny Savita: Pill to create API key. Just close this, no?
Sunny Savita: The dog at Mickey.
Sunny Savita: Refresh this tool.
Sunny Savita: Huh, now create the API key?
Sunny Savita: Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, close it.
Sunny Savita: Create, click on that, create API key.
Sunny Savita: Okay, now write that. Write any name over here, test or something.
Sunny Savita: Test, test, test only.
Sunny Savita: Test, test, right, test only.
Sunny Savita: Huh.
Sunny Savita: No exp… expiration… wait, select any expiration date.
Sunny Savita: Select after 30 days.
Sunny Savita: Submit now.
Sunny Savita: It's working now.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: Yeah, working, but that time it is not… it was not working, so no expiration, it will not work.
Sunny Savita: That is not a mandatory, but the…
Sunny Savita: I think you were mentioning something wrong in your name and all, something like that, maybe.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: iOS writing training underscore API.
Sunny Savita: That could be the issue, okay? Now use like this, okay? Use this one.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: Thank you, thank you.
Sunny Savita: stake.
Sunny Savita: Okay, Ganesh, please go ahead.
Ethamukkala, Narasaiah: So looks like Ganesh is not there. Can I… can I go ahead?
Sunny Savita: Mmm, Ganesh is not… okay, you can go ahead.
Ethamukkala, Narasaiah: Okay, Opsana, you can allow me to share my screen?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, I can allow commitment.
Jyoti Gupta: Hi, Sunit.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, wait, Jyoti, I'll go.
Ethamukkala, Narasaiah: Yeah, can I share it now? Okay.
Sunny Savita: Pushpin, you can go next, okay? Just wait pushpin.
Pushpendra Tiwari: Okay.
Ethamukkala, Narasaiah: So…
Ethamukkala, Narasaiah: Yeah, my main question, like, I know we know you mentioned that ChatGPT is a paid version, that's where I might be getting that.
Ethamukkala, Narasaiah: the rate limit error for this, I can understand, but the Google API, which is going to be a free version, right? Mostly.
Ethamukkala, Narasaiah: So, when I'm trying, you know, just API key imported, after that, I had that, imported this, Google-generated API, and then using that, a Gemini 1.0, but I'm getting that client error.
Ethamukkala, Narasaiah: The main error is gone.
Sunny Savita: It's not a client error, it is, I think, that exhaust or something like that, that calling model.
Sunny Savita: Different model there, use a different model there.
Ethamukkala, Narasaiah: Okay, Gemini 1.5 mini is not found, it's past standing.
Sunny Savita: Use a different model, okay?
Ethamukkala, Narasaiah: Okay, any idea what modeling? I'm just trying with, I quote my…
Sunny Savita: And why is… just a second, let me give you that.
Ethamukkala, Narasaiah: Just…
Sunny Savita: Use this one, Jiminy… 2.0 flash, maybe this might work, just a sec.
Sunny Savita: I've given you the chat.
Ethamukkala, Narasaiah: The chat, right?
Ethamukkala, Narasaiah: Yep.
Ethamukkala, Narasaiah: Terminator 2.4 slash…
Sunny Savita: Restart the system. Sorry, restart the kernel.
Ethamukkala, Narasaiah: Or maybe that's the reason.
Ethamukkala, Narasaiah: Nope.
Sunny Savita: On top, you will see the option to restart.
Ethamukkala, Narasaiah: Did I put the Mini, or it's fine.
Ethamukkala, Narasaiah: Flash.
Sunny Savita: 2.0 flash only.
Ethamukkala, Narasaiah: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Or restart the kernel.
Ethamukkala, Narasaiah: Yes, there's that.
Sunny Savita: There is a restart option, run all.
Sunny Savita: Beside the run-all, you can see the restart option.
Ethamukkala, Narasaiah: Yes.
Sunny Savita: Not here, sir, notebook, huh? This one, restart, restart, restart, restart.
Ethamukkala, Narasaiah: Excuse me.
Sunny Savita: Now run it again. Load the Google API key and run it again, okay?
Ethamukkala, Narasaiah: Yep.
Ethamukkala, Narasaiah: Hmm, I see. No.
Ethamukkala, Narasaiah: Wow.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Pushman, what's your doubt?
Pushpendra Tiwari: Hey, hi, Sunny, yeah, thanks for the time. Actually, my basic question is, like.
Pushpendra Tiwari: Currently, we are also building some AI kind of a project in my company, so…
Pushpendra Tiwari: The main question is how to select the right model based on the performance requirement, cost, and how the task complexity is handled by any model, what should be the latency.
Pushpendra Tiwari: Because sometimes, you know, the project is very high, the kind of the demand, and the token size is also increasing. So the company also wanting, like, how we can manage those kind of the costs based on the model.
Pushpendra Tiwari: So…
Pushpendra Tiwari: way we can understand, and how we can… complexity we can manage based on the models. What is the purpose, and how to select the right model? That is my main…
Sunny Savita: The right model, basically, it's a very subjective thing.
Sunny Savita: Okay. Okay. For that, you will have to be, like, what you will have to do, you know, you will have to be, like,
Sunny Savita: experiment with a different, different model, okay? So before starting a project, we always do the spike activity. We always create our POCs, right?
Sunny Savita: So at that time only, I have to evaluate that part. So, let's say there is 4 to 5 good models, OpenAI-based, Anthropic-based, Grog-based, or Google-based, right? I select… I select, I chosen 5 best model.
Sunny Savita: Now, from those 5 best models, I have to select one model for my production application, okay, for my final application. Now, how you will do that?
Sunny Savita: So first, you have to be, like, look into the use case. What kind of use case you have. So, you have, like, a simple conversation, or the complex conversation, right? Or, it is a coding assistant, or you are going to be using the AI model for the OCR, for the document parsing.
Sunny Savita: Or you have a complicated agent flow, right? Or you have a, like, you have to deploy your model on the small server, on the small AI, small mobile device and all, right? That's the first thing. After that, basically, what comes after that, basically.
Sunny Savita: This one. Latency, speed, cost comes, right? So, where you're getting low latency, high speed, where you're getting a minimum cost, you will check with their context, sorry, you will check with their costing and all, okay? Costing of
Sunny Savita: the model, then con- context window, how much, how much, like, this, input model can be, right, token-wise.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Pushpendra Tiwari: Okay.
Sunny Savita: You will look into that also, okay? So, based on that only, you can analysis which model is going to be a best one. So, again, this is a very practical question, very subjective.
Pushpendra Tiwari: Legal in India.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, so there is no, static answer for that, that's it.
Pushpendra Tiwari: So, majorly, we need to think about the subjective area and how large a way we can.
Sunny Savita: Correct, correct. So you need to understand your requirement, you need to understand your use case. According to that, you need to be, like, choose 4 to 5 best provider, and then you have to do some evaluation on top of that, and then you can decide the final one. Got it?
Pushpendra Tiwari: Okay, yeah. So, yeah, okay, yeah, thanks a lot. One final question. You are from Ampey, correct?
Sunny Savita: Yes, Pushman, correct.
Pushpendra Tiwari: Which place, MP?
Sunny Savita: From MP, I belong to Golier. My native is Golier, and then I studied in Bhopal. I lived a couple of months in Indore as well, so I had multiple… I'm also from.
Pushpendra Tiwari: Bhopal, based on right now in Chicago from the last 7 years.
Sunny Savita: Oh, great, great, great.
Pushpendra Tiwari: So… so we connected with the boys, yeah. Okay, thanks. I'm not taking too much time for the rest of the team.
Pushpendra Tiwari: Thank you so much.
Sunny Savita: Thank you, thank you. Let's, let's catch up later. Thank you, yeah.
Pushpendra Tiwari: Yeah, yeah.
Sunny Savita: Yep.
Sunny Savita: Thank you.
Ethamukkala, Narasaiah: Yeah.
Ethamukkala, Narasaiah: To the Saker.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: a second, yes, Naresh.
Ethamukkala, Narasaiah: Yeah, I'm getting that, like,
Jyoti Gupta: Oh, Sunny, can I go ahead?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Jyoti, just give me a moment, let me solve that, I'll come to you, okay? Wait.
Ethamukkala, Narasaiah: So it looks like I'm getting, what is that called? Rate-limiting issue, because resource exhausted.
Sunny Savita: So just create a new API key with the new, Google ID, and then just check it again, okay?
Ethamukkala, Narasaiah: Okay, yeah. So, but this is the right place to go, the experiment about different AI models and etc, right? So, where you can type what model which you are using, for example, Google AI, and then they go their API keys and documents.
Ethamukkala, Narasaiah: Correct. Correct.
Sunny Savita: This is their own SDK, this is their own documentation, okay?
Ethamukkala, Narasaiah: Correct, correct, correct.
Ethamukkala, Narasaiah: Okay, yeah, sure, thank you.
Sunny Savita: Thank you, sir.
Lakshmi Chathurya Chekuri: Nicely, can I go next?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Jyoti, tell me what's your doubt?
Jyoti Gupta: So I just want to ask in terms of security, like, is there any predefined roles, in this, or we can define security from our side?
Jyoti Gupta: They called us.
Sunny Savita: Security-wise, see, I have used the LLM at, in so many other, production grid projects, okay? So…
Sunny Savita: I have just relying on the Azure Co-Foundry and AWS Bedrock. They are providing me everything, right? So, you can simply configure the model from Azure Cloud Foundry. So many models are there, even it is supporting different, different open source models as well.
Sunny Savita: And they will, like, manage your security as well. So, yeah, that is our best option. Got it?
Jyoti Gupta: Okay, and my second question is, like, you have mentioned that, usually models work well with PNG, not with JPG, so may I know the reason?
Sunny Savita: No, no, no, not like that, actually. So, I was, I tested with a JPG PNG only, no? Because with that, we can easily convert the base64 and all. But you can try out with any kind of image, even GIF, W, web image also, right?
Sunny Savita: So, just try out with the different images, but yeah, this is another standard extension of the image, you know, that's why I was looking for that only, got it?
Jyoti Gupta: Okay, thank you.
Sunny Savita: Like, see, whenever we are looking at the video, we… what is a standard, like, extension of the video? Generally, we look at the MP4, right? MP4.
Jyoti Gupta: Yep, yep.
Sunny Savita: dot MOV is also there, and the other type of extension is also there, the compressed one.
Sunny Savita: Right? So in the same way, actually. Got it?
Jyoti Gupta: Okay, okay, thank you.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Jyoti is done. Lakshmi, please go ahead.
Lakshmi Chathurya Chekuri: Hi, Sunny. So…
Lakshmi Chathurya Chekuri: So we've seen here multiple models, right? So, like, the Google models have their own Google SDK, and, OpenAI have their own SDK. In the same way,
Lakshmi Chathurya Chekuri: How is Grok positioned here? Because Groc doesn't have its own morals, right? But here we are saying it's hosting
Lakshmi Chathurya Chekuri: Other models may be the free ones.
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
Lakshmi Chathurya Chekuri: So, how is good?
Sunny Savita: So, what Grok is doing, how they are doing a business, actually, they had their own infra…
Sunny Savita: Right? They have hosted the model over there.
Sunny Savita: Right? They are giving you for accessing the free.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So what they are claiming, they are claiming we are providing a faster inferencing, okay, our running time is very high, means quickly you will get a response and all.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point. So, see, Grok is providing you that free model, but they are providing you the enterprise version also.
Sunny Savita: Right? Okay. Similar to the… similarly, we are using this, Azure OpenAI. Similarly, we are using the, basically this one, AWS Bedrock. In the same way, you can purchase the Grok Enterprise version also, so they will keep your security and all everything in their hand, and you just have to use the model.
Sunny Savita: From there. Okay. Getting my point.
Sunny Savita: Right?
Lakshmi Chathurya Chekuri: Okay, so it's more like these cloud resources compared to the.
Sunny Savita: They are also providing you managed service, that's it.
Lakshmi Chathurya Chekuri: Okay.
Lakshmi Chathurya Chekuri: So, through Langchain, can we access any of these models?
Sunny Savita: Huh, Langchen is providing you, like, so many integrations, so via Langchen, you can do that, because, we will get the… what I'll… we… we will have the identical code, okay?
Lakshmi Chathurya Chekuri: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: compatible code, so that, it won't be difficult to create a rack system around to that agentic system.
Sunny Savita: Okay, and so many things you will understand in a going-forward session. So, instead of using the standalone SDK, use everything via Langchain. Got it?
Lakshmi Chathurya Chekuri: Okay, yeah, the main concern. My main concern is about, the code compatibility across multiple,
Sunny Savita: Right, SDK, right.
Lakshmi Chathurya Chekuri: Yeah, so, even the messages, since we… some… in some places, we are importing human message, but in some places, we are directly, using messages and list of system and human messages, so…
Sunny Savita: That is not a big thing, this is just a way to providing a message and all. I will do the detailed discussion onto it, because now, in the RAG and the agent, we are just going to be playing around to that only, okay?
Lakshmi Chathurya Chekuri: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So, wait for one more class, this doubt is going to be clarified. Got it.
Lakshmi Chathurya Chekuri: And, is Pydantic something beyond these things?
Sunny Savita: But it intake is nothing just to do the data validation, okay? Very simple concept, we'll understand that, okay?
Lakshmi Chathurya Chekuri: Okay, Sunny, yeah. And, and, just one more thing, previously we had this, opportunity from Walmart, correct? And do we have any further information from them?
Sunny Savita: For that, you can put a mail, okay, you can write a mail to the team, they will give you the update about it, okay?
Lakshmi Chathurya Chekuri: A mail to the team, as in, do we have any…
Sunny Savita: You have a mail ID, or… just a second, let me check how you can do that.
Sunny Savita: krishnayak.support.in. Do one thing, just, put… just send me a mail, okay? I'll forward to the team, got it?
Lakshmi Chathurya Chekuri: Yeah, yeah, sure, Sunny. Those are my questions, thank you.
Sunny Savita: Take… Okay, any more doubt, Ganesh, Bharti? Guys, anyone having doubt, please go ahead, okay?
Sunny Savita: Ganesh, Jana, Bharti, bharti Malvia.
Sunny Savita: Jagruti, Yogesho.
Sunny Savita: Anyone, guys, please go ahead, you can ask me doubt.
Sunny Savita: Otherwise, I'll close the session, okay?
Ashish Nayak: Are we going to use, the Azure AI Foundry in the classes?
Sunny Savita: Yes, I can show you that. In the project, I can show you that, okay?
Ashish Nayak: Okay. Thank you.
Ashish Nayak: I have one more question. I have, ChatGPT Plus subscription, but, for using the OpenAI and tokens, is it going to charge extra, or.
Sunny Savita: Huh, ChatGPT Plus subscription is for the chat one.
Ashish Nayak: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Okay? The… that, chat… chat GPT, right? The main application.
Sunny Savita: Chetting up It is not for the API. For that, you will have to purchase.
Ashish Nayak: Do you?
Sunny Savita: Good still.
Ashish Nayak: So is it also same for entropic? Because for entropic also, I have the.
Sunny Savita: Correct, correct. For the Anthropic also. If you have a plus one variant of the Anthropic, in that case also, you cannot access their model, okay?
Ashish Nayak: Okay, okay, so… Thank you.
Ganesh G: Hi, Sunny, can I…
Sunny Savita: Mia Ganesh, please go ahead.
Ganesh G: Yeah, hi, Sunny. Thanks for the session. Again, wonderful. Sunny, like, I remember in one of the classes, you've shown some, draft notes of Transformer you prepared.
Sunny Savita: Exactly.
Ganesh G: Global, or still open?
Sunny Savita: okay, that, DocX, right?
Ganesh G: Yes, yes, I mean.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, I have that, I can share. Okay, just remind me in the group chat, I'll do that, okay?
Ganesh G: Sure, sure, sure, Sunny. Sunny, the next question is, like, the class is now going interesting because of the practical session we're taking up.
Ganesh G: You're trying to say about a lot of things about LLM providers.
Ganesh G: Hugging pace, crock, and a lot of things.
Ganesh G: I see that a lot of providers are coming in different, different places. Okay, are the same providers, having the same LLMs being deployed across their different, different…
Ganesh G: platforms?
Sunny Savita: Same… Like, like, example?
Ganesh G: Example, I open up a game face.
Ganesh G: I opened a Grok.
Ganesh G: Do I see the same LLM in the same different providers?
Sunny Savita: Grok… see, Grok is providing you the models, I think not GPT models, okay? So, Grok is not providing me the GPT model. Grok is providing the open source model. Most of the models are the open source over there.
Ganesh G: Okay, so even AgingPaste provides the open source model, right? Does it have the same…
Sunny Savita: Face API also providing the open source model. But Grok is providing with a different way. As I told you, you know, they are giving you the infrastructure support also, enterprise support also. So the selling point of them is the…
Sunny Savita: This one, they are providing the Llama, Quent, DeepSec, Gima, Mistral, Whisper. These all are the open source model, even you can download that model, you can utilize that, but they have hosted in such a way
Sunny Savita: They are using some LPU hardware. You… I have, checked with their documentation and with their website, so they're claiming they are using the…
Sunny Savita: LPU hardware for the fine-tuning and for hosting the model. So, because of that, you will get an ultra-fast inferencing. So that's a main selling point of the Grok. But you can understand in such a way that you are a person. You wanted to start some startup in AI.
Sunny Savita: So you're thinking, okay, what we can do, what we can do, what we can do. Okay, let's do one thing. Whatever open source model are there, let's provide those models in that way, so that everyone can use it. If someone want the enterprise version, it means the paid version, so that they can purchase that also, based on our reputation, okay? So, in that way, basically, they have created this Grok platform.
Ganesh G: But, Sunny, you were trying to say that that is, Grok is a company who are developing different, different LLMs.
Sunny Savita: No, Grog and Grok, don't be confused in that. G-R-O-K is a Elon Musk model, right?
Ganesh G: Yeah, I understand that, I understand that. Speaking about the provider.
Sunny Savita: O-G-R-O-Q is the company.
Ganesh G: Okay, even how about Hugging Face as a company?
Sunny Savita: Agingface is also company. Langchen is also company. Sara Company is a…
Ganesh G: So, second thing, Sunny, you were trying to speak about the, fine-tuning part, okay? So I'm saying that, okay, you are training… we get some open-source LLMs, and you train via the fine-tuning method. Second, you use something called RAC. The RAC is also part of a training part of it, or, like, you do something else.
Sunny Savita: No, RAG is not a training part. And we'll understand that once you'll come to that side, okay?
Ganesh G: Frenton, thank you.
akulkar2: I mean…
Sunny Savita: Oh, yeah.
akulkar2: I'm all here, actually, so…
akulkar2: Certainly one question I have, so, we are now using these enterprise tools, like, Cursor, and also. There, also, we have these different models, right? So, internally, is it, I mean, using this, same philosophy of line chain?
Sunny Savita: Same, same, sir, same. Cursor AI is a company, right? Cursor is an ID. They have integrated several models, which you are using for the development, that's right.
akulkar2: Okay, okay.
Sunny Savita: model or same, who is invented by those big giants, right?
akulkar2: What an opinion.
Sunny Savita: Who's at the several places, that's it.
akulkar2: So, at the backend, they're using all these lanchain APIs internally.
Sunny Savita: Langchain is a framework, again… Don't be confused. We are using for our raw development, that link chain, okay?
Sunny Savita: And those cursors, maybe they have used the language or not, I've been, like, not sure. See, everyone can create a LangChain kind of framework, even you can do that, okay?
Sunny Savita: you can create a Langchen kind of framework from scratch, but it could not be that much scalable, like, Langchen is there, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, maybe Karsaria have created their own framework like Langchain for the integration purpose and all, that's it.
akulkar2: Okay, okay.
Sunny Savita: Okay. Laosmec, we don't have to do anything, sir, for creating a language chain kind of framework. You know what you have to do? You just have to take a code from the different, different SDK and all, just put some, common classes and, feed function, just call some common function on top of it. That's it. Your code is ready.
akulkar2: okay.
Sunny Savita: The next notice?
yogeshwardeore_ycd: did you know batna jatha ho?
Sunny Savita: So…
yogeshwardeore_ycd: I will talk with you, Sunny.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, yeah, sure.
Sunny Savita: Sure, sure, sure.
yogeshwardeore_ycd: Okay, thank you.
Sunny Savita: Got a division.
Sunny Savita: Okay, unmole is done, UK shore is done.
Sunny Savita: Any more person having doubt. Bharti, I'm not able to unmute you, I don't know what is the issue with you.
Sunny Savita: I don't know, you joined with a phone or something.
Sunny Savita: Jana is not having any doubt.
Sunny Savita: Jagruti, you have any doubt?
Sunny Savita: Okay, Jagrith is not having any doubt.
Sunny Savita: Fine.
Sunny Savita: Logged in… So, Yaktesh, what's your doubt? Please go ahead.
Tej: Sunny, so, we, you know, at Cheta, it was good.
Tej: So, can you explain inference, like.
Tej: with an example, let's see, when we were asking to convert Image into text.
Tej: Right? And let's say we were calling… the rock model.
Tej: Right? So, inferencing Kahape oray, like, is it when the model LLM is reaching out to the model, or…
Tej: Kahape aura inferencing.
Sunny Savita: Inferencing matlabota, final output generate karna. Mathla prediction karna, actually.
Sunny Savita: developer se ha jo un ke li specific term, inferencing. Matlap jo humday model ko boh, uske basis persona wa predict kar di output dehdia. Toh model ko input diake jo output jandit kare, train model ko, input the ke jo output jandit kare, woh inferencing kelata, okay?
Tej: So, acha, so that means… It's simple, input-output.
Tej: End of the day.
Tej: Joby model process information there, usko inferencing Bol, Raham, whether it is using Grok or ChatGPT, okay, got it. Got it, thank you.
Sunny Savita: Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Mmm, yeah, AWS, what's your doubt?
AWS Demo: Hi, Sunny, this is Agnes.
AWS Demo: Yeah. Nice.
AWS Demo: Yeah, my doubt is about the…
AWS Demo: Running the server… I mean, like, the models in local environment.
AWS Demo: So, you mentioned, like, Koalama, Hugging Face, right, which helps to run the model in the local environment. And is there any limitations in that, like, the one which we use the API directly, right, compares to running the models in local.
AWS Demo: And, will it give the same level of output, or there will be limitations which we use?
Sunny Savita: There would be limitations, sir, because those models is not enough capable like the other one, okay?
Sunny Savita: And if you are going to be use it, if you're going to be downloaded on your own server, so the server also might be not much capable, right? Or, you have some limitation on your system related to that server.
Sunny Savita: So, you will have to look into each and every site. You will have to be… have a… you will have to be, like, create a bigger infrastructure.
Sunny Savita: Okay, you will have to tune that model that… whatever model you are going to be host on your server on a good data set, good amount of data set for… mistraining is fine-tuning. You will have to fine-tune it on a good amount of data set.
Sunny Savita: Just to do the better inferencing and all. So yeah, we have a limitation, sir, with respect to those models, okay?
AWS Demo: Yeah, okay, so just for learning purpose, we can use it, right?
Sunny Savita: And, in some enterprises, let's say, if you're working in some billion-dollar company, right? So, they wanted to host their own LLM on the infrastructure, on the server, right? So, in that case, you are going to be working on those kind of use cases, okay? But again, those use cases are very limited in number.
Sunny Savita: Right? Every company is not doing that. So every company is working on the RAG and the agentic side, where the inferencing is required, that's it, okay?
AWS Demo: Okay. And the second question is, like, about the architecture side, right? Example,
AWS Demo: I mean, frameworks. If you take Java, there is a Spring framework, right? It's very popular. So, like that, for models, right? You mentioned Hugging Face, right? So, is that the Hugging Face is the one, enterprise level, all the companies are using, or is there any other, frameworks actually very popular?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Hugging Face, basically, it is being used by the different companies.
Sunny Savita: So if we have to download the model, if I have to work with the open source model, okay, if I have to mainly work on the training side of the model, then this framework is required, okay? But as I told you, those use cases are very limited in numbers, so Hugging Face is not very frequently required in many of the
Sunny Savita: enterprise use cases. Langchain, Langgraph is being used very actively.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point.
Sunny Savita: Okay. Okay. So if you are in… if you wanted to understand the, fine-tuning part, training side of the model, if you wanted to download the model in your system.
Sunny Savita: the different, different data set according to the different, different type of training, then yeah, understand the Hugging Face. But if you're focused just to build in the agents, rack kind of system, then Hugging Face is not that much required, okay?
AWS Demo: Nope.
AWS Demo: Okay, thank you.
Sunny Savita: Thanks.
Sunny Savita: Any more doubt, Josuna, do you have any doubt?
Sunny Savita: Okay, no doubt.
Sunny Savita: Point.
Sunny Savita: Ruchi, do you have any doubt?
Ruchi S: Honey, can I have your email ID? Okay, you'll send it, fine.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, I said.
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Okay… admin, do you have any doubt?
admin: Hello? Sir, good evening.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, good evening.
admin: Yeah, I'm good. Sir, in the class, you have said there are 3 ways to use, LLM models. One is, like, OpenAI key, that is, we have to add credits. Second one, you, said, like, for using with, cloud, that is, AWS Rock.
admin: bedrock. And the third one, you said, like, we can use our own local, servers. That means, like, that LLM models we have to download in our servers, is that statement, right? Correct.
Sunny Savita: Yes.
admin: Okay. So, means, like, downloading models is from only free open source, like, Hugging Face, or it can be, like, in real time, in, organizations, it can be from OpenAI, we have to purchase enterprise models also, or how we do?
Sunny Savita: No, free one, we are giving you the option, Grok, Open Router, Google Germany, these are the free one, okay?
admin: Okay.
admin: Yeah. Means, like, hosting LLM models can be done, enterprises models also, that's what my, like.
Sunny Savita: Hosting is a different thing, sir. No one is doing a hosting of the model. Let's say if there is a hundred company, only 2 to 3 companies are doing that, okay?
admin: Okay.
admin: Okay, sir, okay.
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
admin: Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Admin is done. Now, Viral Sheikhar, do you have any doubt?
VeeraSekhar Ponakala: Yes, Sunny, thank you. And extension to AWS demo question, he asked, right? So, he asked about, you know, integrating open source models and line-chain-related ones.
VeeraSekhar Ponakala: And here,
VeeraSekhar Ponakala: how Langchain is being used with respect to the cloud? That could be Bedrock or Microsoft Foundry? That is what my question is. So, are we directly being allowed to make a call to LLM models being supported by Microsoft Foundry? And we can.
Sunny Savita: Yes, yes, yes, that integration is available directly, okay?
VeeraSekhar Ponakala: So, like.
Sunny Savita: Langshan Bedrock, you will get that, okay?
VeeraSekhar Ponakala: Okay, yeah, so with respect to OpenAI models, I am aware, but coming to Microsoft Foundry exclusive models, also, we do have.
Sunny Savita: Azure OpenAI itself is called the Foundry now. They just renamed the service, that's it.
VeeraSekhar Ponakala: Yeah, yeah, I know the service level agreement between OpenAI and Microsoft. Yeah. And Azure-specific models are also available, because OpenAI is funded by Microsoft, so every model is being available in Microsoft Foundry.
Sunny Savita: got it.
VeeraSekhar Ponakala: I heard about that when I have done some R&D myself. But exclusive models of Microsoft Foundry are there. Are they going to be invoked from Langchain as well, how we have done for various providers? We have experimented today as part of our session.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Cloud Foundry also you can configure, and whatever models are there over there, over the Cloud Foundry, you can access that model, okay?
VeeraSekhar Ponakala: Okay.
VeeraSekhar Ponakala: Right, right. Yeah, thank you. That's… that's the question. Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Thank you.
VeeraSekhar Ponakala: Yep.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, I think I clarified all the doubts. Now… okay, one more. So, Shanta, do you have any doubt?
Sunny Savita: Okay, no doubt, fine.
Sunny Savita: Fine, guys, take care, bye, I'll see you in the next class.
Sunny Savita: Thank you.